[547] Great Straight Path (3)

Death Knight.

Though not a common sight, Park Nyeo, who had experienced 10,000 years of time, had several anecdotes that could explain Rian's phenomenon.

In the history of war, some knights fought transcending death.

Their appearance, with such strong desire for life remaining that they couldn't close their eyes even in death, was a power of will that could only be explained as a unique law.

'This is the first time I've seen such a case.'

She had once seen someone whose head was severed continue swinging a sword for over 3 minutes before collapsing.

But the martial prowess Rian was displaying was so active it was on a completely different dimension.

"Rian..."

Watching Rian engaged in a death struggle, Sirone felt an emotional nostalgia that couldn't be replaced by any memory.

'Right, that's how it was...'

Rian was that kind of friend.

The fact that he was running here risking his life was definitely not to harm him.

'I don't understand anything. What am I supposed to see?'

If this world was false as Rian said, then how should he explain the friendship with him in his memories?

"He won't be able to hold out for long anyway."

Park Nyeo reached that conclusion.

"He'll die before reaching here."

Since it was impossible for a person to be alive after taking so many bullets, Sirone also bit his lips and dismissed his thoughts.

One person's sacrifice could turn the world back.

This world must be the truth.

If not, then what would be the love, desires, happiness and joy of those who had lived here until now?

Universal love was the best choice Sirone could make while trapped.

As a shockwave that shook heaven and earth came from behind, Park Nyeo turned her gaze to the battlefield where Sura and Miro were fighting.

"He's getting beaten up terribly."

The sight of Quan Yin's avatar frantically striking Sura from all directions was enough to make one's knees weak just watching.

"Ugh, how annoying!"

But the one frowning was Miro, who was continuing the offensive.

Excluding the area where the two Banyas were fighting, Mucus had taken control of the south and was flowing into the east and west, climbing up the pyramid.

'Time isn't on my side?'

Miro glared at Sura and gritted her teeth.

Quan Yin's avatar expressed in three dimensions seemed to have a perspective that observed the world from the very top of the sky.

But in the realm of mind that Miro actually perceived, it was four-dimensional - an omnidirectional open view without a single blind spot.

The extreme scale opened space-time.

Therefore, Quan Yin's attacks could be delivered from anywhere in space, and the speed of consecutive strikes was also not constrained by time.

'Quan Yin Thunder Field.'

As Miro swung her hand, thousands of overlapping Quan Yin palms struck down from the sky.

Sura, who had formed hand seals, raised her snake eyes and activated her ability.

Gestalt of Combination.

Divine Strangulation.

Inverted crosses the size of humans were born around her, then bent like rubber and assembled into a sphere without any gaps.

Then the consecutive strikes of Quan Yin Thunder Field struck down violently enough to pierce through the ground.

"Phew, really annoying."

As the inverted crosses embedded with red gems disassembled, Sura's figure was revealed, flicking her long tongue and laughing.

"Were you trapped behind the dimensional wall too long? Miro has also become outdated."

'A monster dares to babble as it pleases.'

Contrary to her feelings, she had to acknowledge that this was Sura's territory.

No matter how great Miro was, competing with a law master who dealt with falsehood in Apocalypse was like a lion jumping into the sea to fight a shark.

'I need to destroy the pyramid.'

The key was to release the law surrounding the pyramid, but Miro wasn't the person who could accomplish that task.

"I know what you're thinking."

Sura said, making her snake avatar ripple.

"You're thinking of holding onto my ankles and making someone else destroy the law, right?"

Miro didn't answer.

"But we're not the only enemies. Do you think you can break through this and make it in time?"

When she turned her head to where Sura was pointing, the entire desert was completely consumed by Mucus.

"Damn it!"

Marsha spat out curses.

In a situation where just avoiding the guardians' attacks was overwhelming, Mucus was also surging up from the ground to attack her.

She had managed to stab some guardians with her Patricide Dagger, but the expansion speed of Mucus was too fast to wait for their exhaustion.

"Do not interfere with our mission."

Ekser, who had bat abilities, flew over Marsha's head and swung his twin swords.

As she threw her body and rolled over the Mucus, slime shot up like awls following her movement path.

"What do you want me to do!"

The moment Marsha gritted her teeth and got up, Targang with explosive abilities opened the crater of his fist.

"It's over!"

Bang! Gas exploded and sent Marsha flying as she hastily dodged.

"Ugh!"

Just before crashing, Mucus rose up forming a wall and caught Marsha.

The slime quickly flowed in to bind her limbs, then surged up in reverse flow, lifting her body dozens of meters into the air.

"Ugh! Let go of this!"

After struggling for a while, Marsha looked across to the other side of the pyramid.

Fermi, caught in the same state, met her eyes and shrugged his shoulders.

"This is really driving me crazy!"

With everyone's feet bound, only Rian remained.

"That's...!"

Marsha's eyes shook with shock as she turned her head north.

'I won't stop!'

Seeing the lower part of the pyramid covered with Mucus, Rian pushed his speed even higher.

But Mucus was also now surging like rapids, following close to Rian's heels.

"Shoot! Even if he won't die, shoot! Crush him with bullets!"

The combat unit's full assault was launched.

"Uaaaah!"

Every time Rian's sword moved like lightning, the bodies of the complete underground people were chopped into pieces. (164 kills)

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

As grenades exploded from all directions, dozens of fragments embedded in Rian's left palm as he covered his face.

Bullets scraped the ground in zigzags, and his ankle was severed with a thud.

"Grrrr!"

Rian grimaced and kicked the ground with his right foot.

As if being pulled, his body fell toward the enemy lines and the massacre began.

"Ahhh! Ghost, it's a ghost!"

Rian's face, covered in blood, was a perfect yaksha.

"Oh God..."

Priest Bebeto opened his mouth in disbelief.

An immortal body.

The eternal flesh that only those recognized by the sun could possess was being reproduced before his eyes.

"Prepare yourself, Sirone."

As Mucus flowing from east and west reached the top, Park Nyeo spoke.

But there wasn't particularly anything for Sirone to prepare.

He just had to feel the sensation of slime wrapping around from his ankles and savor the end of his life.

The anguish that had thrown him into confusion until now disappeared like a lie once Mucus actually clung to his body.

He would create a beautiful world.

'Goodbye everyone...'

Bloody tears flowed from Rian's eyes as he looked at Sirone.

'I'm sorry, Sirone!'

The blood of enemies pouring like rain mixed with his bloody tears and flowed down his face.

'In reality too, you must have fought sacrificing everything like now!'

The blood vessels of his heart, unable to handle the blood flow rate, began to rupture.

'That's why you fell into a place like this!'

Smile's hallucinatory voice became clear.

'I couldn't protect you!'

"Block him! Block him I say!"

As he approached the pyramid, the concentration of firepower soared to an all-time high.

As a grenade exploded from behind, Rian floated up with fragments embedded in his back.

He barely landed, but with his left ankle severed, he lost his center and knelt on one knee.

"Now! Grenades! Grenades!"

"In my heart..."

Rian, who got up and glared at the enemies with eyes showing only whites, lunged forward.

Establish the kingdom of faith! (211 kills)

"Uaaaah! (213 kills) Shoot! (215 kills) Shoot!" (218 kills)

Grant unbreaking will (219 kills) and even stronger pride to the sword! (221 kills)

"Don't come! (223 kills) Don't come!" (225 kills)

The courage to choose what's right (226 kills) and the iron resolve (228 kills) not to waver before that courage! (229 kills)

"Save (231 kills) people! (233 kills) Gah!" (234 kills)

Always stand on the side of the weak! (236 kills)

"At this rate (239 kills) we'll all die!" (240 kills)

Don't let us succumb to the logic of the strong! (244 kills)

"Retreat! (246 kills) Retreat!" (248 kills)

Lead the sword only with the spirit of chivalry! (250 kills)

"Grrr! Grr!"

From the front of the Mucus barely keeping up with Rian's speed, countless biological forms emerged as if diving.

Park Nyeo, who had been watching Rian's charge that seemed to push the entire world, spoke in a calm voice.

"...Maha is surging in." (257 kills)

The form of slime that had pursued only Rian's path from the edge of vision was the Great Straight Path without a trace of disorder.

Since it had been so until now, she didn't hide her emotions before the conviction that it would continue to be so.

"I'm afraid, yaksha."

It was the first time she had felt so afraid of something approaching.

"Run! Rian, run!"

Marsha shouted while struggling.

Even Fermi, who had been pathetically watching the stubborn advance, had no choice but to cheer this time.

'There's no time. The combination will begin soon.'

Bebeto screamed.

"Uaaaah!" (273 kills)

Anyone would feel their knees weaken thinking that a yaksha advancing through death was coming for them.

'Just a little more!'

After killing 273 people, Rian's vision, which had been filled with blood and flesh, suddenly opened up.

King Kong, who had been waiting in front of the pyramid, beat his balloon-like swollen chest and shouted.

"Come! Let's see who's stronger!"

Just as Rian gripped his great sword, the front part of Mucus transformed into a giant beast and bit his left arm.

"Grr!"

It was a result that brought despair to Miro and ecstasy to Sura.

"Grrr! Grrr!"

Mucus, as if not wanting to miss the last chance, flowed slime to the beast to inflate its bulk.

"It's over. This is impossible."

Fermi had the same thought as Marsha.

'Stupid. What's so great about conviction that you ignore tactics.'

But Rian was still moving forward with his left arm, which wouldn't come free, extended behind him.

"Not yet... no."

Even if everyone said it was over, even if they denied it was absolutely impossible to succeed.

'Because I couldn't protect you!'

There was one voice that could never be denied.

"Not yet...!"

That was precisely.

"It's not over yet!"

His own voice.

Axing.

Denai.

"Graaaah!"

As Rian swung his shoulder with a yaksha's roar, the giant beast's slime was torn off along with his left arm.

"Uooooo!"

As the ton-unit weight was shot like a cannon, King Kong spread both arms to receive it.

"I'll take it! I am the strongest underground person...! Ugh!"

Upon collision, King Kong's voice was muffled, then he flew buried in slime and crashed into the pyramid.

Kwaaaang! (274 kills)

Rian, with his left arm torn off, grimaced showing all his teeth from Denai's aftershock.

"Grrrr..."

Smile. Smile.

Since there was no time to recover his body, he began climbing the pyramid, stabbing the ground with his severed ankle.

'Sirone! Sirone!'

And finally, at the point where the top of the pyramid became visible, he kicked off the steps with his right foot and leaped up.

"Siroooone!"

Looking up at Rian floating in the sky, Bebeto sobbed, shedding tears and snot.

"Ah, God."

The sun was embracing Rian.

(End of Volume 22)