The Five Great Systems (2)

Son Yu-jeong remained silent.

It wasn't particularly disgusting, but she wondered what kind of reaction she should show.

"So you've fallen into hell too. Heh heh! I knew it would happen! Join the Satanist cult."

Son Yu-jeong opened her mouth.

"Are you... okay? It's not really my business, but you look really bad."

All eyes focused on her.

Could she remain unshaken even after hearing such an honest assessment from a close friend?

"...I look bad?"

Suddenly frowning deeply, Mortasynger grabbed Son Yu-jeong's shoulder roughly.

"What do you mean by that? Are you jealous of me too? Do you hate that I'm pretty that much?"

Though she who could somewhat handle hidden codes was surely conveying her true feelings.

"Tell me honestly! How do I look to you?"

Her last remaining sanity.

The logic of a mage who had mastered the principles of the world was blocking the delusion.

"Hurry up... answer me."

When tears welled up in one of Mortasynger's distorted eyes, Son Yu-jeong realized.

'Regret.'

It seemed like she was begging to be saved.

Without showing emotion, Son Yu-jeong slowly stepped back and withdrew behind the group.

Mortasynger sobbed.

"How can you do this to me?"

"I'm sorry."

Just like that, the Hwaan Geumjeong blazed in Son Yu-jeong's eyes as she deceived Yahweh.

"Kiiiii!"

The two staffs she swung without even preliminary motions exploded the floor.

"Take cover!"

Sirone's group threw themselves aside.

Chagall caught Etela from behind as she leaped without thinking about landing.

"You..."

As she looked at Chagall with confused emotions, an explosion sounded from the wall.

There was a huge hole blown through the wall.

Son Yu-jeong was crossing through the air outside the building, holding onto Mortasynger.

"Let go! What are you doing!"

"I'll let you escape. At least you should run away. Go anywhere but here."

"What about you?"

"I have the Gingo-a binding me. I bought time to save you, but Yahweh will catch me."

Mortasynger, who had landed on the ground, shook her head.

"No. I'm with the Satanist cult..."

"Go!"

When she roared while baring monkey fangs, Mortasynger's shoulders trembled.

"Snap out of it! Are you in your right mind? Do you really think your face is beautiful right now?"

"I, I..."

She had doubts at first, but being with the Satanist followers made her forget what was right.

Son Yu-jeong placed her hand on her shoulder.

"That place is a den of lunatics, but you're not. You were much smarter than me. The old you would have definitely found a way to turn it back. And you... you really were pretty."

Son Yu-jeong had always taken Mortasynger's side like an older sister, no matter what trouble occurred.

"Really? Am I really not pretty?"

How much self-brainwashing had she repeated that she couldn't even get her bearings in this situation?

Lechera interjected.

"Well, I don't even have a lower body anymore, but I really want to say this. You're just..."

"Shut up."

Son Yu-jeong cut off Lechera and said.

"Leave quickly. I'll handle this place."

"No. I'm going with you. I can't survive here alone."

"I told you I can't go. Yahweh is a pervert. He'll make all sorts of excuses to strangle me and enjoy watching it."

Son Yu-jeong, who had been fumbling with the gold band around her neck irritably, suddenly blinked.

"Huh?"

Taking a candidate from Siok and fleeing was the same as stealing Yahweh's enemy.

'Why isn't the Gingo-a tightening?'

"It's fine?"

Son Yu-jeong was certain.

'He didn't recite the Gingo-ju. But why?'

Lechera said.

"Are we going or not? I don't care either way, but I hate staying here."

Though agents were spread all around, Son Yu-jeong was still lost in thought.

Lete asked.

"Is it okay to leave her alone?"

If the Gingo-ju were recited right now, Son Yu-jeong would be helplessly summoned back.

"It's her choice."

Sirone didn't want to do that.

"Even if she's a thunder-naked fool, her decision to fight for a friend is sincere."

Lete nodded.

"Fine. Then let's get to the point. How about accepting my proposal now?"

Sirone couldn't be stubborn.

'It's impossible for true sound to reach reality through Siok. But...' The reason he couldn't easily give up was because something lukewarm still remained in his head.

'The six brains. What did I miss there?'

Lian drew his great sword and said.

"Sirone, over there."

A group in black robes was coming down the stairs from the 13th floor.

"Siok."

The 1 o'clock of Pride sneered.

"It's been a while, Yahweh."

Lete's brow furrowed slightly.

'Siok doesn't follow my commands. But to reveal himself against Yahweh...'

The only reason Sirone couldn't kill Havitz was because such an event wouldn't occur.

Yahweh, who had cut out demons for humanity, couldn't treat Havitz like a wizard would.

'A direct confrontation has no chance of victory for Siok. Yet he wants to settle things here...'

Naturally for Satan's sake.

'Havitz, no, that Satan bastard, just how badly is he losing in reality?'

When Miracle Stream emanated from Sirone's body, Mupa's face revealed its true nature.

"Grrrr!"

Great hostility could be felt from the followers positioned at the entrance as well.

Sirone said.

"Whatever you're thinking, go ahead and try. Satan's temptations are useless against me."

'That's true.'

Therefore, Siok used the tactic of tempting and attacking those around Yahweh.

'Lian, Etela, Chagall.'

It was an effective card, and among them, Lian wasn't inferior to Yahweh in combat power either.

'Just need to catch him once.'

The 10 members of Siok, excluding the 2 who had died, activated hidden codes toward Lian.

Etela clenched her fists.

"We'll fight too."

At that moment, the chains of Taiji rippled and strength drained from her body.

"Huk!"

When she came to her senses, Chagall was already carrying her and running toward the exit.

"Stop!"

Without any response, Chagall burst through the door on the 10th floor and sprinted quickly down the corridor.

When a roar erupted from where Sirone was, Etela struggled with her limbs.

"Put me down! I said put me down!"

Chagall only set her down after taking a long detour through maze-like passages.

"Why are you suddenly doing this!"

Actually, Etela knew too.

The reason she couldn't stop Chagall in the interacting karma of Taiji was because it was an action for her sake.

"Don't get the wrong idea. Do you think I'd be happy about this? Did you forget what you did to me?"

The fact that she had no choice but to be drawn to evil tormented Etela's heart.

"I can't die, that's my grudge. Don't have foolish expectations. What you want won't happen."

Though she didn't speak harsh words, what she wanted was obvious.

Chagall blurted out emotionally.

"Really? You talked about good and all, but in the end you're just that level too. Doesn't matter. I wasn't interested anyway."

'Trash human.'

Etela felt like her blood was boiling backwards and felt pain in her abdomen again.

"Ah."

Chagall turned around coldly.

"Follow me. What we need is a way to break this chain. If we can just cut this damn connection, neither of us will need to suffer."

She wanted to hit the back of his head as he walked away, but Etela calmed her heart.

'I need to stay calm.'

The pain in her abdomen disappeared, but continuing to antagonize Chagall seemed dangerous.

"Wh-what, who are you people?"

Turning the corner, a Satanist follower was startled and took a defensive stance.

"Perfect. If you live here, you must know the geography well? From now on, answer what I ask. If you lie..."

Illusions flickered around Chagall and a rapier appeared in his hand.

"You die."

"...Kekekeke."

The follower who shook his lungs raised both hands and a spear over 2 meters materialized.

"Just a dagger? My hidden code is a spear..."

Chagall's hand grabbed the follower's forehead and pushed him straight toward the wall.

Using the rebound, he struck the back of his head against the wall seven times in an instant, leaving the follower half-unconscious.

Then when the cold sensation of a blade touched his nape, his eyes widened.

"Hiik! Sp-spare me..."

"Last chance. Where's the department that manages karma?"

"Heuuk!"

The terrified follower's lips trembled.

Karma Management Department.

Battle cries echoed in a place filled with large monitors.

"This bastard... ugh!"

The commotion ended in just 3 minutes, and 20 fallen agents disappeared.

"So annoying."

Etela watched Chagall heading toward the monitors.

'He's gotten stronger.'

It was probably since he massacred the agents at the entrance of the Systems Control branch.

'The power of Taiji is making him stronger. In other words... he's continuously becoming more evil.'

"I can learn about my past here, right? If I just know what I was, it's over. I don't need karma or anything."

Chagall called her.

"Come over here. I don't know how to do this."

Since she was curious about the connection manipulated by La Enemie, Etela was also proactive.

"All the devices are biological. Since they use blood, maybe you need to put your blood here?"

Without hesitation, Chagall took his dagger and sliced his wrist.

When blood dripped, something began appearing on screen in demonic language.

Though they couldn't interpret it, from the next video onwards, there was no need to think.

"This is...?"

A scene of a circus troupe performing - a sight all too familiar to Chagall.

"Ah..."

Though Chagall wasn't in that screen, he instinctively understood the situation.

"Mother."

A fierce-looking woman resembling Chagall was performing aerial acrobatics to applause.

'The cause. Starting from the cause of Chagall's existence.'

The screen flashed by like a revolving lantern, and soon they smelled an unfamiliar scent.

'Chagall's memories...'

Scent carries information from the past.

No longer needing the screen, they instantly absorbed the time in which Chagall had existed.

Chagall's mother had caught the eye of some rich man's son who came to watch the circus performance.

The reason it couldn't be called love was because she was abandoned the moment she became pregnant.

"Waaah! Waaah!"

In a room that no one cared for, reeking of rot, Chagall was born like that.

About 3 months passed, and his mother took Chagall to find a secluded alley.

"Haa. Haa."

Looking at the baby sleeping soundly, her face twisted cruelly.

"Useless thing."

She slammed Chagall to the ground like an object.

"Hehe. Hehehehe."

Chagall laughed as if watching an entertaining performance.

'Yes, this is like me.'

It certainly wasn't a good sight, but from his position of having fallen to hell, it was rather refreshing.

The mother who abandoned Chagall turned around coldly and ran away, then suddenly stopped.

The baby's crying.

After struggling for a long time, she finally bit her lips and ran back to the baby.

"Live well."

Then she put a few coins from her pocket into the blanket and left forever.

"Huuuk! Heuuuk! Heu heu heu! Heu ooo!"

What use were coins to a baby!

'What is this! What is this, damn it!'

Watching Chagall cry while smiling, Etela's heart was heavy too.

'Poor person.'

How much time passed? Someone appeared to take Chagall who had been left at an orphanage.

"Huh?"

Both were shocked.

"No. That can't be."

It was Raphael of the Karcis Monastery, Etela's master whom Chagall had killed with his own hands.