**Demon Realm Hell (3)**

"By the way..."

Tess asked in a drunken state.

"How's the world situation? The simultaneous incidents, I mean. You're in other places besides here too, aren't you?"

"That's right."

Many things were happening around the world, but Shirone's answer ended there.

Iruki asked.

"Is ignorance bliss?"

"Not necessarily, but... what would change if you knew? Right now these people needed rest, and spreading unnecessary information would only add to their fatigue."

Amy said.

"Yeah, if you don't want to talk about it, we won't listen either. Actually, this is normal."

Pushing information they couldn't process would be nothing more than a simple mental attack.

'But also...'

Shirone looked out the window shrouded in darkness.

'This is the reality unfolding in this world.'

The Gustav Empire, Havitz's homeland, was the nation with the most surviving population after Jincheon.

It was natural since they were the country that started the war, but now that Havitz had become even more distant from humanity, Gustav couldn't escape the demons' attacks either.

"Messiah-sama, it's over there."

Though the sun was still up, the landscape in the blizzard was as dark as night.

Only the lights of a castle flickering like ghosts beyond the curtain of snow indicated the direction.

"Masarva."

A strategic stronghold and massive city that had to be passed through before reaching Gustav's capital.

Shirone, wearing a gray coat with a hood, breathed white vapor as he glared at the city.

Mixed sounds of battle between humans and demons could be heard through the harsh wind.

"Let's go."

As Shirone began walking, smoke from Miracle Stream extended thin branches forward from his body, transforming into the shape of a giant hand that swept the blizzard aside.

"You're certain it's here?"

The Light Dragon Phaethon and Black Dragon Abyris, who were following behind, looked at each other before answering.

Abyris gave the response.

"Yes. After surveying the entire Gustav Empire, we obtained information that Shiri, the 6th Corps Commander of Hell's army, is here."

Her face, resembling a black panther, created an eerie presence contrasted against the falling snow.

"Subduing Shiri won't be particularly difficult, but I can't guarantee we can block the Demon Realm."

Since the Demon Realm was a matter of determination - a function of the mind - it would open transcending photon signals.

"Yeah. The odds are fifty-fifty. Let's do our best."

Phaethon said.

"Stay sharp. Your brain might explode trying to keep up with my speed."

"Hmph, being fast isn't everything. I'm the one who found Shiri's information this time too."

"That was just luck."

How much help they provided to the Messiah was the most important aspect among the Twelve Apostles.

After briefly choosing her words, Abyris couldn't suppress her irritation and lightly struck Phaethon's shoulder.

Though it looked playful, the power of a dragon made his bones ache.

His face flushing, Phaethon glanced at Shirone then struck Abyris's thigh.

Abyris immediately retaliated, and eventually the two apostles' arms crossed at tremendous speed.

Hearing the bone-crushing impact sounds, Shirone frowned and turned around.

"Stop it."

Both apostles dropped to their knees simultaneously.

"We're sorry!"

"How many times is this now? Fight one more time and I'll travel alone from now on."

They hastily bowed their heads at the chilling words, but they had their own grievances.

'Why do I have to be paired with this guy of all people?'

The fact that Light Dragons and Black Dragons were natural enemies was something the Twelve Apostles and even the Messiah knew.

Abyris asked.

"Messiah-sama, I understand that you paired us two considering the harmony of yin and yang. But I simply cannot get along with Phaethon's personality."

"It's not because of yin-yang harmony."

Phaethon raised his head.

"What? Then does Messiah-sama have some deeper meaning for pairing us two...?"

Shirone immediately answered.

"Because everyone else hates being paired with you two."

In other words, a rejected combination.

From the other apostles' perspective, whether Light Dragon or Black Dragon, they were equally troublesome personalities to deal with.

'These bastards...'

As Phaethon and Abyris recalled the faces of the other apostles with intensity in their eyes, Shirone chuckled.

"But you have me."

More than anything else, Phaethon felt relieved that the Messiah's anger had subsided and bowed his head.

"Of course. And it's an excellent choice. We'll achieve the greatest results."

"Naturally. Let's destroy them all."

The fierce burning in both apostles' eyes was the real reason Shirone had brought them along.

The gradually intensifying blizzard had transformed into small, sharp ice crystals upon entering the city.

"How dangerous."

Despite his words, Shirone calmly raised his hand and compressed the Miracle Stream smoke.

A flash of light burst forth, momentarily stopping the blizzard, but it soon engulfed the space again.

Abyris, with ice crystals clinging densely to one side of her face, approached while surveying the surroundings.

"It's magic."

"Mm, Shiri's Demon Realm is a cold wave. Even without opening it yet, this level of power..."

In any case, the probability of Shiri being here had increased.

"Are there no survivors?"

Whether they were wiped out by demons or evacuated to the castle in the city center was unknown, but there were no citizens around.

Windows were broken in houses everywhere, and snow could be seen piled up inside the homes.

*Please save me.*

Hearing a voice undetectable to human ears, Shirone's steps stopped abruptly.

At the sound coming from the end of a district where twenty stone houses lined both sides, Shirone launched himself forward.

All the winter windows were shattered and the interior was dark, but a faint light source shone from deep inside.

"Huu-uu. Huu-uu."

Following the sorrowful moaning, he entered the house to find a woman holding a child and crying.

"Baby, my baby."

"What's wrong?"

As Shirone approached, the woman reached out with an unhinged look in her eyes.

"Please help! The child isn't breathing! Please, please..."

Seeing no husband present, she seemed to be isolated, too terrified to flee.

It wasn't cold that any young child could survive, but Shirone hopefully placed his hand on the child.

'The heart is beating.'

At the vibration transmitted through his fingertips, Shirone hurriedly embraced the child and activated Miracle Stream.

'If there's life, I can save it.'

As the light energy seeped into the child, a chilling smile formed on the woman's lips.

The moment her fingertips, transformed into sharp ice, flew toward Shirone, a small magic circle appeared in front of one of Phaethon's eyes.

Flying at light speed to kick the woman's face, she shattered like pottery and scattered as powder.

Then from the neck down she scattered as ice powder, transforming a few steps back into the form of a woman with the opaque ice coloring.

It was 6th Corps Commander Shiri.

"Hohoho! What a shame! I thought I could land a proper hit."

The moment Phaethon attacked the woman, Abyris had wrapped her arm around Shirone's neck area.

It was a motion to protect Shirone's vital points in case Phaethon's attack failed.

"I knew."

Shirone stood up, looking down at the snow powder flowing between his fingers.

Shiri sneered.

"Sorry if I offended Yahweh's pride, but... I can't believe you actually knew."

"When I realized the heart was beating, the first thought that came to mind was that it was impossible."

He wasn't foolish enough not to know biological limitations.

"But I still attempted resuscitation because a child was dying before its mother's eyes. If there was even a one in ten thousand chance, no, even a one in a hundred million chance that I was wrong in my judgment..."

If a life died because of that.

"That pain is incomparable to the universe, Shiri. You shouldn't do this. No matter how much you hate me, you shouldn't deceive like this."

As Miracle Stream rose like flames, the smile lingering on Shiri's lips disappeared.

Then even the last spark of life remaining in her eyes grew as cold as the city.

"That's why I hate you. You always throw tantrums. Do you know how many parents have lost children simply by accident, by bad luck? Just say you hate me like Buddha would. Then I'd at least scream in terror."

"Even if it doesn't make sense, that is the heart. Shiri, realize love and repent."

"Nonsense. Universal love is hypocrisy. You're probably just watching for when I'll open the Demon Realm anyway. Since you have to protect the humans you love. Why don't you try it? See if killing me is faster, or opening the Demon Realm is faster."

"Universal love has no priorities."

"Then prove it."

Shiri dropped to her knees with a thud.

"I know I can't win fighting you. So from now on, I will repent of my sins and perish."

She had already heard the news that Yahweh had pushed out Buddha in Bashka.

"But can you really trust my words? Maybe I'll open the Demon Realm. Can you watch until I perish?"

Shiri laughed.

"Hehe! See! You can't! You're actually suspicious, aren't you? You hate me for making this proposal, don't you? Shall I guess what you're thinking? What to do, should I kill her now? But if the Demon Realm opens first..."

"Shiri."

Shirone stepped forward and looked down at her with gentle eyes.

"Fine. If that will let you trust me..."

As Phaethon and Abyris gulped nervously, Shiri returned to a serious expression.

"Yahweh, I repent of my sins."

As Shiri's body scattered into ice crystals, her Demon Realm Ice Age activated.

As the temperature dropped enough to feel on their skin, Phaethon roared in fury.

"How dare you deceive Messiah-sama!"

As she scattered into powder toward annihilation, she glared at Shirone and burst into laughter.

Shirone waited for her as he had initially promised.

"Now all beings will realize what a fool Yahweh is! This feels amazing! I... I..."

At that moment, Shiri realized as she saw herself reflected in Shirone's eyes.

"I won... I... for the first time since birth..."

The fact that hot tears were flowing from her own eyes.

"Why... why...?"

Seeing Shirone's eyes filled not with anger but only with sympathy, she finally understood everything.

'Really? Do you really... me...'

The moment she experienced the massive chaos that formed evil transforming into one clear something.

"Aaaah..."

Everything became clear.

'I see.'

Perhaps it could have been reversed.

"Ya, Yahweh..."

Shiri's hand reached out desperately, but her body dissolved into crystals before that.

Shirone watched the spot where Shiri had disappeared with the same expression as before, then turned around.

"...Let's go."

Watching the footsteps that carried a lonely weight, Abyris said to Phaethon.

"We must remember today."

"...Yeah."

They had to follow the Messiah who was fighting the greatest battle in the universe alone.

Moreover, that would be the final will that the Infinite Dragon Caratorsra had left to the Twelve Apostles.