Trigger (1)

"Life is fundamentally difficult. It's like throwing you an incomprehensible instruction manual and telling you to read it all. If you skip through it roughly, you lose the context, and then it becomes even harder to read. The problem is that unless you start over from the beginning, there's absolutely no chance of improvement. Look outside. The only ones laughing and running around are children and fools. Every properly sane person is grimacing as they turn the pages. How do you understand more? Simple. Buy a revolver and load just one bullet in the chamber. Then when you get sick of everything, put the barrel to your temple and pull the trigger. There's probably a low chance your head will blow off, but if it just goes 'click' and misfires, from then on even the shittiest writing will become quite readable. Yeah, that's right. The content doesn't change. What changes is me. What I'm trying to say is, those bastards don't care if their heads get blown off. Just pull it. Click! Click! Click! Their level of understanding the world is on a different dimension. I tried pulling it a couple times myself, but my legs went weak and I couldn't do it anymore. Don't try to understand. Just leave it be. If you pull the trigger just like those lunatics..."

"Oh my, how adorable."

The people in the casino watched with interest as Wizard blocked the entrance.

"She seems to be alone, is that okay?"

While a casino was a place where even children would be treated as adults if they had money, she seemed too young.

"Should we go ask?"

Everyone was overflowing with curiosity, but no one actually took action.

Even the guards were the same.

'This is strange.'

The guard with his hand stuck in his pocket just watched with his head tilted sideways.

'No, what's strange is that it's not strange.'

Even if she were royalty, sending out a seven-year-old child who entered would be their job.

But right now, they didn't feel like doing that.

Like seeing Mount Tai before their eyes but not being able to think of moving it.

'Why?'

Absolute inevitability.

It was an aura like Havitz's Vanishing turned upside down.

'Finally, I've met you, Havitz.'

The casino's scenery seemed to have lost its original sense of reality since she appeared.

Only Wizard was clear, and Havitz, still remaining outside perception, split his lips.

"Keke, really?"

'Will it really be okay?'

Ashur took one last look back at the casino just before leaving Zive.

Just 10 minutes ago, Wizard had been a seven-year-old child.

"I'm worried about Sister Amy. About Ikael too. Can't we go back even now?"

Her tearful face throwing a tantrum made Ashur's heart equally disturbed, but...

"Hm?"

At some point, her temperament completely changed.

"What's wrong?"

He swallowed hard at her silently staring at the other end of the street.

'Did she see Havitz?'

Of course, she could gaze upon chaos.

'But...'

The mind he could read in Wizard's eyes was completely different from her just moments before.

'Trigger. The trigger has been pulled.'

Through training with Sirone, it was probably simulations repeated in the hundreds of millions.

Her mind had been completely focused toward the correct answer, considering only anti-Havitz warfare.

"Wizard, you..."

"Go."

It was a cold tone.

'Through self-hypnosis, she's drawn out concentration that transcends limits. She already has no thoughts except for Havitz.'

No, it wasn't thoughts.

'She doesn't define anything, not even murder. Right now, this child is just endlessly repeating herself.'

Wizard spoke.

"I will do what I must do."

At this machine-like automatic technique, Ashur nodded.

"I'm counting on you."

Even using Signal's ability, perceiving Satan was beyond his capabilities.

'Being here would only make me Havitz's prey. It's better to go to Ikael.'

Ashur's figure disappeared.

"I will definitely return."

Wizard, who had been staring at the empty space where he vanished for a moment, turned toward the casino.

"You're going to kill me?"

Havitz asked, looking at Wizard.

"Why?"

"...Because you must die."

From her tone devoid of killing intent and calm eyes, he finally realized.

'A natural enemy.'

If she had the ability of History Search, could this situation have been prevented by elimination beforehand?

'No, that's not it.'

Even if Wizard were killed, someone else would take the place of the natural enemy.

'An immutable result. Already predetermined.'

It was God's perspective.

'Shall I shake things up?'

As Havitz's eyes widened, a massive aura of evil filled the casino.

"Uuugh! ○○○○"

Everyone shed tears with terror-stricken expressions, but...

"Betting! 200,000 gold."

Vanishing's ability didn't allow them any perception and made them continue the game.

"Cough! Cough!"

Even as people collapsed one after another, coughing up blood, Havitz didn't turn his gaze away.

'She won't last even 10 seconds. Everyone dies.'

It was an aura of evil that had brought even Eden, who prided himself as currently the strongest Messiah, to his knees.

Wizard remained indifferent.

'God's frequency.'

And the voice of the heart that Havitz heard was...

'Wena Wizard.'

Only her own existence. A special state where there were no enemies, no allies, not even the world.

'Damn. That's tremendous.'

Extreme purity.

Before an aura that seemed created solely to kill Satan, he felt sick to his stomach.

'Even if I hate it, still... what kind of thing did they bring?'

When Havitz released Vanishing, the casino people suddenly realized and screamed.

"Aaaah! What is this! It's blood!"

In the midst of everyone falling into panic at their horrible state without knowing how they were hurt, medical teams were dispatched.

In that chaos, Havitz looked up at the ceiling.

"Haa."

The game was over.

'I wanted to play more.'

Today, he would die at the hands of the child before him.

'Humanity. World. Universe.'

Do you hate seeing me alive that much?

"Well, fine."

After all the injured were taken to the medical room, Havitz sheathed his sword.

"Want to have a drink?"

When he pointed to the bar inside the casino, Wizard in her concentrated state tilted her head slightly.

"I have no other intentions. I can't escape anyway. If today is my last..."

The battle with Wizard would be enjoyable.

"I want to play properly."

Who could believe Satan's words, but Wizard nodded.

"Very well."

The reason her adult speech didn't feel strange was because it actually was so.

'Extreme image training. Did she artificially raise her mental maturity?'

When facing Havitz, Wizard becomes the most energetic early-twenties mentality.

The two sat side by side at the bar.

"Whiskey, fill it up. The strongest one. And for this one..."

Havitz asked.

"Milk?"

"I'm fine."

Havitz shrugged and offered a gold coin to the bartender.

"Just like that."

While the whiskey was being prepared, Havitz waited, puffing on the drug Asker.

"Thank you for granting my wish."

"I have no intention of ambushing you. I want to do this after conveying my intentions to you."

Because there was no killing intent.

The moment she defined something like assassination, Wizard's purity would be destroyed.

"...I see."

Havitz exhaled Asker smoke in a long stream.

"There's something I want to ask."

"Please speak."

"We share the same nature. You'll probably be able to kill me."

Because there was no killing intent, the event of Havitz avoiding Wizard couldn't occur either.

"If I die..."

Because she was pure, she could perceive Vanishing, and because she was trained to the extreme, even God's frequency was useless.

"Won't you try being Satan?"

Wizard turned her head for the first time.

"For humans, parents are the cause, but for God, they're the result. Even if I kill my parents, the concept of parents doesn't disappear. In the end, the result comes first."

From God's perspective.

"Satan is the same. Even if I die, the concept of Satan won't disappear. So I'd like you to do it."

Because someone has to guard the playground.

"I refuse."

Wizard was firm.

"Eliminating you is the reason Wena Wizard exists. There is no life for me after that."

"I see."

It felt like looking in a mirror.

Havitz deeply inhaled the Asker and gulped down the whiskey that filled his glass.

"Kuuuh."

Making a refreshing sound as he set down the glass, he got down from his chair and pointed to the door.

"Let's get started."

Taking Wizard outside, Havitz looked up at the sky in front of the door.

"Can you teleport? Let's go to a place you want. Preferably somewhere without people."

She wouldn't care in her concentrated state, but it would be different after the battle ended.

"Let's do that."

When Wizard cast teleportation, light curved and rushed toward the distant sky.

They arrived at a clearing in the forest 20 kilometers from downtown Zive.

"Not bad. It's secluded."

Listening to the sound of birds flying away, Havitz drew his long sword and created distance.

Eleven black shadows appeared at his feet.

"Shiok."

Immediately, eleven fanatics except for Sloth's 4 o'clock positioned themselves in a circle around him.

"Sorry, but I have to use Shiok. Without this, my power drops by half."

"It doesn't matter."

It was already a simulated scenario.

'Sloth's 4 o'clock is dead.'

Although he couldn't create 0.666 seconds of each second, he'd heard that each one's military power was considerable.

Pride's 1 o'clock bowed his head.

"We apologize, Satan. Sloth's 4 o'clock still hasn't been selected."

"Forget it."

Since Shiok were fanatics who followed Satan of their own will, they couldn't be created artificially.

"It wouldn't change anything even if there was one. If you're ready, let's begin. Should I go first?"

The eleven Shiok turned toward Wizard.

"Insolent wench. I'll tear your limbs apart."

Despite the tremendous killing intent, Wizard just stood naturally with her eyes closed.

The Shiok's emotions stirred.

'What is this?'

The inevitability was so strong, such a vivid presence that one wouldn't want to pay attention to it.

'Just as no one doubts the sun...'

If Satan existed outside perception, her existence was at the core that everyone perceived.

'I feel like someone 2,000 kilometers away would know about this child.'

When Wizard opened her eyes, a transparent incarnation began to shimmer like a mirage.

"Musangshin."

A bizarre tree with an infant's face was rapidly shooting up.

"Huoooooo."

Two eyes swollen shut, and from its mouth, a tongue as long as its torso hung down and swayed.

Even as Musangshin writhed roughly while growing, the Shiok couldn't move.

'What kind of ability is this?'

"Huoooooo."

Just as dozens of branches extended like insect arms from the winding trunk...

"Huo—"

The sound cut off abruptly, and Musangshin's form dissolved as if seeping into the atmosphere.

In the profound silence, just as the Shiok shuddered...

"Dodge!"

Wizard formed hand seals.

"Bujeonggwan."

Without time to react, fist-shaped shockwaves struck down above the Shiok's line of sight.

Havitz's pupils shook, buried in the roar.

'What is this?'

When Musangshin seeps into the world, Wizard simultaneously controls the five systems that compose the universe.

100 percent cognitive ability that integrates reality, the other side, Drimo, Under Coder, and Diavis.

'Where did that come from?'

That absolute creativity transcended the system, directly hitting targets from zero distance.

'No, it didn't come from anywhere.'

It was a shockwave created from nothingness.