[640] Those Who Leave (3)

Nade doubted his own eyes.

No matter how he thought about it, there was no reason for Liz, who should be at the capital armory, to be here.

Of course, that was just the thought of an emotionally explosive Nade, and Sirone coldly assessed the situation.

"Uh, then should we have another drink?"

"Wait a minute. There's something we need to address. How much we suffered back then...!"

As Iruki pointed with unfocused eyes, Sirone pushed him inside as if tackling him and shouted.

"Then go talk it out!"

Only after the door slammed shut with a bang could Nade finally accept reality.

"Why is Senior Liz here?"

There was only one reason to come here, but if asked why, she couldn't bring herself to say it out loud.

"Well... you see..."

As expected, the situation where Nade would welcome her with open arms didn't happen, and with her thoughts tangled, she blurted out anything.

"You left like that back then. I came to congratulate you. Congratulations on passing the graduation exam."

She forced a smile as she spoke, but her expression and gestures were awkward beyond measure.

"Thank you."

Though he thought a new future might open up, his already wounded heart wouldn't open easily.

Standing before Nade's closed door, Liz realized there was nothing more she could do.

How much time had passed since breaking up with Oscar that she would come knocking on Nade's door?

"Then... have a good time."

Nade grabbed Liz's wrist as she climbed the stairs.

"How can you just leave like that?"

Feeling like she was about to burst into tears, Liz shook her wrist.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come. I'll go."

"Ah, really!"

When Nade wouldn't let go until the end, Liz's heel caught on the stairs and her body fell backward.

"Ugh!"

Simultaneously, the pushed Nade slammed his back against the basement wall, and Liz hurriedly turned around to check on him.

"Are you okay? Are you hurt anywhere?"

Without answering, Nade stared for a long time into Liz's moistly wet eyes.

"Can't you not go?"

Liz, who had jerked her head up, finally couldn't hold back her tears and buried her face in Nade's embrace.

"I'm a really bad person, aren't I?"

"No, you're not. Oscar was the one who betrayed first."

"Still... no matter what, this is strange."

"It is, indeed."

Nade grabbed Liz's shoulders and slowly pushed her away.

"So let's just be strange this once. I won't make you a strange woman ever again."

As if the war had ended, a tremendous sense of relief washed over her, and Liz burst into tears.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Nade."

Sabina, who had been watching Nade pat Liz's back from the first floor, turned away with a sad expression.

"Let's go. We have to train again starting tomorrow."

"Right. Let's fight like crazy."

Following behind Sabina, Closer placed his firm hand on her shoulder.

The graduation party continued past midnight, finally ending around 4 AM.

While most had collapsed and fallen asleep at their tables, Sirone's group left the party venue in a nicely drunk state.

Nade, who had slipped away from the group holding Liz's hand, looked back at his friends and said.

"I'm going to escort Senior Liz home. You guys go ahead."

Everyone knew he wouldn't be coming back tonight, but no one said it out loud.

Since the graduation exam was over anyway, it didn't matter what they did.

"Alright. See you tomorrow."

As Nade left with Liz, Ceriel, who seemed to realize something, patted Amy's back and said.

"Then I'll head back to my lodging too."

Ceriel had booked an inn in the city.

"At this hour? Don't do that, just sleep in my room."

'She's really such a loyal friend...'

That aspect was endearing, but at least for tonight, she should step aside as a friend.

"It's fine. I need to head up early tomorrow anyway. We'll see each other at the graduation ceremony."

"Still, it's dangerous to go alone..."

While saying the night road was dangerous to a certified mage didn't make sense, emotionally it was a different matter.

"I'll escort her."

When the sobered-up Iruki spoke, Ceriel agreed.

"That would work. I can feel at ease with Iruki."

"...What do you mean by that?"

"Now, now, enough! It's late, so let's go quickly."

Ceriel, who had been pushing Iruki's back as they walked away, suddenly turned around and winked.

"Amy, congratulations, really."

Amy, who understood the meaning of the wink, blushed, but it was already too late to argue.

Unlike usual, when their friends left and only the two remained, the atmosphere became awkward rapidly.

"Shall we walk a bit? To sober up too."

As expected, Sirone didn't suggest going straight in, and Amy nodded her tense neck.

"Shall we?"

The two people, each lost in their own thoughts, strolled through the garden and sat side by side on a bench lit by crystal lamps.

"Hah, this is the last time walking here."

"Right. We've been running toward today, but honestly I never thought such a day would come."

Amy turned her head and asked.

"What will you do?"

"Hm? What?"

"Even I think you went too far. Probably scout offers will come from countries around the world. The Kingdom of Tormia, will you leave?"

While the criterion for choice would be prospects, what Amy really wanted to hear about was the future between the two of them.

Knowing it was a matter that couldn't be answered easily, Amy broached the subject first.

"I think I'll stay in Tormia. I'll prepare for certification for a year and submit an application to enlist in the magic corps."

The Karmis family was a first-class noble family of Tormia, and from that position, accepting offers from other countries was difficult.

"But Sirone, I want you to do what you want. Even if you go to another country, we..."

"I won't go."

"Huh?"

While scouts couldn't know the party's inner thoughts, he had to be honest with Amy.

"If you're staying in the kingdom, I'll stay too."

"Y-you fool. To make such a decision so easily on such a matter..."

"I like you, Amy."

Amy's heart began beating like crazy.

"I'll join the Tormia Kingdom Magic Association. And with you..."

Thinking it was too early to talk about a more distant future, Sirone smiled and asked.

"What do you think? If I stay in the Kingdom of Tormia to be with you."

"Idiot! Of course that's...!"

How could it make sense to limit one's future because of love when faced with countless possibilities?

But at least today, her head couldn't overcome her heart.

"Good. I like you too, Sirone."

As consent was given, a thrilling exhilaration surged through him.

"Amy..."

Amy, who didn't have the courage to look at Sirone slowly approaching, finally squeezed her eyes shut.

Though their emotions were as cautious as walking on thin ice, the feeling of their lips touching was far too sudden.

Silence. Silence again.

Such a night that seemed like it would never end was passing by.

Data from graduation exams held simultaneously at magic schools under the Red Line was spreading at a frightening speed to magic associations in countries around the world.

Since the Red Line's infrastructure based on nations could be said to encompass the planet, on the day graduation exams were held, both the Black Line and White Line were on high alert.

Some students would choose the Black Line, but entering the White Line wasn't a matter of choice.

It was literally a hall of intelligence where the world's greatest mages gathered, and they were the rulers of the magic world who wouldn't even glance at someone with just the name of genius.

Above the border between the Kashan Empire and Gustav Empire, there was an ice zone that could only be reached by crossing the polar sea.

People called that place the North Pole, and in this place as cold as intelligence itself stood an ivory tower called the pinnacle of magic.

Though it was sensibly the most distant place on the planet from anywhere as a reference point, it took only half a day for Red Line graduation exam data to arrive.

"Hmm, how interesting."

An old man was walking down the center of a corridor so wide that you could only tell it was blocked because you could see walls far in the distance.

Araka, the Ivory Tower's internal affairs director.

Now 117 years old, he had become a resident of the ivory tower at age 16 and had never once gone outside since.

The ivory tower had so many people working that it could be called a city, but only a few could go outside.

Within the tower, these people were called stars, with "Star" attached before their full names, and very exceptionally, there were also people who worked on a contract basis with separate agreement pledges.

A representative example was Armin of Gwangan, but considering that his magic was unparalleled in the world, such cases could be said to be almost nonexistent in history.

Therefore, the title of Star was incomparable to any worldly power - it meant receiving the trust of all tower residents and was also a shackle that one must not escape from the orbit of intelligence.

Currently, there were 27 people with the title of Star in the ivory tower, and together with assistants called satellites, they traveled the world solving superhuman problems.

The reason why not only kingdoms but even empires watched the single tower's influence was because all residents were mages walking at the cutting edge.

And today, in Araka's hand was a list of candidates who would become the ivory tower's new stars.

"Great Star, there is a matter to report."

When Araka arrived at the platform and spoke, light swirled around him and moved his body to the sky.

The Great Star resided at the top of the tower, but that tower was an artificial satellite that rotated the same as the planet outside the atmosphere.

Space spread out beyond the windows, and looking down, the planet's continents stretched out like a map.

A first-time visitor would realize the meaning of scale just by being here, but Araka didn't even turn his head and proceeded straight ahead.

When he reached the main gate of the Earth Star Hall, a man who seemed nothing but bones was floating in mid-air in a lotus position.

"It's been a while, Mr. Araka. 1,273 days. Is it time for a new star to rise?"

This was Mahagaruta the Buddha (Enlightened One), one of the five brightest stars in the ivory tower, the Five Great Stars.

"Shining Great Star, star candidates have appeared after a long time. Is the Great Star inside?"

"That's something I cannot know. However, if permission for ascension was granted, how about going in to see?"

Light burst from Mahagaruta's suddenly opened eyes, enveloping the world, and the scenery changed instantly.

The Earth Star Hall.

Surrounded by hemispherical glass, looking at space from here made one forget even the fact that the ivory tower was rooted in humanity.

"What intention brings you here, Araka?"

Though the Great Star's appearance wasn't visible, Araka prostrated toward her voice.

"I have received data on graduates from magic schools worldwide. I have selected 10 worthy of the title of Star as candidates, so please refer to them."

"They are still unripe, so what is there to refer to? Just give the title of Star to the most outstanding one. Did you come to me for just such a matter?"

The ivory tower recruited only the world's number one prospects, and true to that sharp standard, they didn't even consider matters other than potential.

"Great Star, this time is a bit different."

"Oh?"

Araka raised his head and said.

"For the first time in the human world, a graduate with over 90 percent has appeared."

As if wind was blowing, air gathered and a woman in snow-white clothes appeared.

"90 percent."

Even her voice spoken aloud was clear.

Araka walked on his knees and submitted the list.

"Please look and evaluate directly."

This was a list of the 10 most outstanding prospects in the current world.

1st place. La Enemie (19 years old): 98.7 percent.
Special notes: Incarnation reincarnation.

2nd place. Dalia Nane (17 years old): 89.4 percent.
Special notes: None.

3rd place. Jin Seong-eum (20 years old): 89.2 percent.
Special notes: Unlocker
Ether Wave.

4th place. Ariane Sirone (19 years old): 88.9 percent.
Special notes: Unlocker
God's Particle.

5th place. Tona Jet (18 years old): 84.3 percent.
Special notes: None.

6th place. Wena Wizard (4 years old): 79.1 percent.
Special notes: Innate awakening.

7th place. Galmun Claude (25 years old): 78.8 percent.
Special notes: Irregular eater.

8th place. Leven Priya (22 years old): 78.6 percent.
Special notes: None.

9th place. Sky Wigo (20 years old): 78.5 percent.
Special notes: Unlocker
Scale.

10th place. Mutal Trimone (19 years old): 74.2 percent.
Special notes: None.