[749] Turbulent Times (5)

The Holy War Council.

A supranational organization formed by the Three Imperial Kingdoms, Seven Royal Nations, and Two Monarchies, operating the Valkyries - the anti-Heaven forces under its command.

Established by Terracea and created with cooperation from 24 nations including the Holy War Council, it was humanity's strongest army.

With Heaven's activities quiet now except for the Immortal Community, nations around the world were advocating that the Valkyries should become the vanguard against the 72 Demon Legions.

"Kashan enters!"

To the Kashan national anthem played by the Cotria Republic's military band, Uorin walked with confident, dignified steps.

The Royal Guards, classified as the Inner Guard, spread out in a wide radius, their gazes intersecting like a net.

Behind Uorin, the Pungzang - the strongest swordsmanship group - moved in identical strides without even a centimeter of deviation.

'I thought I would have gotten used to this by now...'

Kando performed his role as Uorin's aide.

'But I'm not used to it at all.'

Though the Holy War Council changed its timing and location each time, as it was a venue for world leaders to display their national power, its scale was incomparable to any other summit.

"Welcome the state guest!"

Following the golden-tinted overpass, Cotria Republic's honor guard turned their heavy barbed spears to welcome the Empress.

'They've made full preparations on their side too.'

The Seven Royal Nations' Cotria Republic was a peninsula nation jutting out in a dolphin shape to the south of the Gustav Empire.

With no contact with other nations except Gustav to the north, it should have rightfully been absorbed by the Empire, but ultimately Cotria defended its territory under the proud name of the Seven Royal Nations.

'They did their best enough to take pride in it. But the biggest reason is...'

Because they possessed the ancient weapon Ex Machina.

Presumed to be a type of map weapon, Uorin had once said it might not be a power-based weapon but a law-based one.

"Kando."

Uorin called quietly.

"Is there still no word from Shirone?"

Since becoming one of the Five Great Stars, Shirone had been wandering the world, and though Uorin had sent word to him, no reply had come yet.

"That's correct."

Kando thought for a moment, then added.

"Shall I send someone again?"

If he coldly rejected their polite letter, the Empire would have no choice but to use forceful means.

"No, it's fine. He must be busy."

Uorin's voice was tinged with disappointment, a fact that surprised Kando.

'She seems unusually unsettled today.'

Uorin called again.

"Kando."

"Yes, Your Majesty. Please command me."

"Sit beside me today."

"Pardon?"

Though he had accompanied her to the Holy War Council several times, this was the first time she had offered him the seat beside her.

"The Gustav Emperor has changed."

Gustav Harvitz XVII.

According to the memories of the previous Mitra, not Uorin's, he was an interesting human who could match her.

'He must be quite old by human standards now. I wonder what kind of person he's grown into.'

"Do I have such qualifications? If you're worried, shall I give separate orders to the Pungzang?"

Though he attended to all the Empress's needs, in terms of combat ability, Kando was only average among the Royal Knights.

"It's fine. Just stay beside me."

"...Understood."

If what Uorin was wary of wasn't force, then Kando was perfectly suited for the task.

After the Three Imperial Kingdoms' entrance ended, the next six nations excluding Cotria crossed the gates, flaunting their military might.

Paras of the Middle East, Mun of the East, Zive of the Central Continent, Iron of the Southern Continent, the Southern Tribal Alliance, and Arachne representing the Ten Island Kingdoms of the South Continental Sea.

National rankings were relative and a country's power couldn't be calculated by numbers alone, but none of the Seven Royal Nations was weaker than Tormia, Shirone's homeland.

"The Two Monarchies enter!"

Only after all human forces had entered did the Dragon Tribe representative and Fairy Tribe representative reveal themselves.

Unlike the human rulers who had reached the pinnacle of ostentation, there were only two of them.

The Dragon Tribe held pride in being the strongest in any situation, and the Fairy Tribe disliked pretense.

"It's been a while, Apostle of Time."

Enox, the Fairy Tribe representative, greeted the dragon approaching with a body as large as a house.

First-class Dragon Blitz.

With a sword-sharp snout and sleek body, his blue scales sparkled brilliantly as if electricity flowed through them even while still.

"Lightning Dragon, I didn't expect you to come."

Though supreme in combat ability among the Twelve Apostles, he disliked getting involved in political affairs.

"I don't like it, but I have no choice. I have no interest in the Holy War Council, but there's an important agenda today."

"An important agenda for the Dragon Tribe... Hmm."

Enox, who had been lost in thought with his chin resting on his hand, looked back at Blitz with a bright smile.

"Is the sun exploding or something?"

"Not funny at all."

Enox's expression immediately turned cold as he pouted.

"Yes, yes, would such a noble being laugh at a joke from a lowly fairy like me? Must be nice, being so noble."

"..."

After walking in silence for a long while, Blitz roughly turned his head in front of the gates.

"How is it that even after four thousand years, that damn manic depression of yours hasn't been cured?"

"Mind your own business. Why would you bother talking to someone like me?"

Fairies were as emotionally volatile as they were pure, and while humans were creatures of anger, they had melancholy.

'In some ways, they're more annoying than humans.'

Though there were humans who fell in love with and married fairies, most didn't end well due to this personality trait.

"Thank you for coming personally. Please enter."

When the minister waiting at the gates bowed his head, a bright smile returned to Enox's face.

"Hello. How is His Majesty doing?"

Just as when he saw Uorin from afar, Enox's appearance held a beauty different from humans.

"Ah, yes. He's very healthy."

When Blitz raised his head high, a soldier on the ramparts screamed and fell backward.

"Eek!"

"The gate is low."

Should a dragon have to bow his head to enter?

"My apologies. Since it was built to human height..."

Though this was Blitz's first time participating in the Holy War Council, the minister couldn't bring himself to say it.

"Hmm..."

As Blitz looked down at the minister with displeasure, the sound of bones twisting began to emanate from his body.

While Enox frowned, his body gradually compressed and transformed into human form.

This was the reconstruction of form, possible only for First-class Dragons.

"This should work."

Blade-like sharp blue scales replaced his hair, and beneath his protruding brow bone, lightning eyes flashed.

"Ah, of course. Thank you."

To the military band's performance, the trumpeter shouted.

"The Two Monarchies! Enter!"

The Holy War Council had opened.

Around Zulu's pyramid, standing lonely in the land of death, three thousand demon troops had formed an encirclement.

"Go in! Kill everything you see!"

Every time Corps Commander Gashias swung his saw-blade weapon, monsters emerging from the dungeon were cut bone and all.

"Poor things."

Having no heart, Zulu merely uttered empty words as he raised his hand from atop the pyramid.

"Erga."

The endless darkness of the abyss.

A black bird flew toward the sky, then was crushed with a crunching sound.

Just as Zulu had been, long ago.

Kieeeeeee!

The crumpled black mass like paper expanded into a massive body, spreading lightning as a ten-meter-tall reaper.

"Charge! No retreat!"

Though the lightning barrier rippled like waves, the demons attacked the pyramid without caring about their flesh bursting.

"Shall we try, Erga?"

As the lightning disappeared and the lich raised both hands to the sky, smoke resembling evil spirits swirled.

"Resentment of the Dead."

Death-type magic that no living being could use, a terrible disaster that only Zulu could manifest.

"Huff! Huff!"

Kang Nan ran through the pyramid's labyrinth with two machetes in her hands.

'Just how many are there?'

Though she occasionally encountered demons in the desert, this was her first time facing an army of this scale.

"Die! Pain to humans!"

As soldiers with blue veins prominent like corpses charged with spears, Kang Nan threw herself into the blades.

"Hiyaaah!"

Roughly swinging her shoulders as she wielded the machetes, enemies' heads fell with thuds.

"Rabe! Nabera um!"

Through the gap she had opened among the demons, Corps Commander Gashias swung his saw-blade greatsword.

"Ugh!"

Though she blocked by crossing her machetes in an X, the saw blade pulled and she lost her grip on the handles.

"I know how to make women suffer!"

Gashias pushed in from the shoulder.

"But I only kill!"

"What did you...!"

Having lost her weapons, Kang Nan took the distinctive Lamurai stance and twisted her upper body.

"Say!"

A powerful high kick struck the iron armor, and the heavy body slid as if it had wheels underneath and crashed into the wall.

"Corps Commander!"

At the impact, unthinkable for a human, much less a woman, Gashias shook his head.

"You absolutely cannot pass here!"

Every time Kang Nan whipped her shins like a whip, demons' knees shattered and heads exploded.

"...Is that so?"

For demons, cruelty was as natural as humans willingly chewing pork to fill their bellies.

"All troops advance!"

All the demons split left and right in front of Kang Nan and began running toward the depths of the labyrinth.

"No! That place is...!"

As Kang Nan shouted with a pale face, imagining something terrible, Gashias swung his greatsword.

"Uooooooo!"

As the saw blade pierced her stomach, sparks flew in Kang Nan's eyes.

"Graaaah!"

Making a wolf-like sound, Kang Nan pulled her abdomen and bit the blade with both elbows and knees.

Lamurai Striking Technique
Arang's Fang.

Gashias, facing the wolf phantom's glare, swung his sword in that state and brought down the wall.

Crumble!

"Grrrr!"

As the fallen Kang Nan rolled on the ground, clutching her abdomen while prone, the saw-blade greatsword snapped with a clang.

'To break a sword made of hell iron.'

Though he acknowledged her as a warrior, demons could become as cowardly as needed to achieve Satan's purpose.

"Sorry, but this is as far as you go."

Kang Nan bolted upright.

"Gaold!"

No matter how complex the labyrinth, with this many troops, someone would eventually reach the lowest level.

"Corps Commander! Over here!"

At the voice from directly below, when Kang Nan went down the stairs, Gaold's door was wide open.

"Nooooo!"

As Kang Nan shouted from the end of the corridor and launched herself by kicking off the ground hard enough to crack it.

Kuuuuung!

The pyramid shook up and down with unbelievable intensity.

"..."

Silence fell, and only the sound of demons running from the upper floors echoed through the walls.

"Uh..."

Kang Nan carefully entered Gaold's room.

All the demons were crushed into bloody pulps, and in the corner was a lump of meat presumed to be Corps Commander Gashias.

Looking over them all, her gaze finally fixed on Gaold, sitting there skeletal and emaciated.

"Uh..."

She wanted to say something, but seeing Gaold's face contorted with pain, fear rushed over her first.

"You mutt."

When Gaold raised his hand, the nerves on the back of his hand writhed and his fingers trembled frantically.

"By any chance..."

Speaking with difficulty in a hoarse voice, he slowly folded his fingers, leaving only his index and middle fingers.

"Got any cigarettes left?"

"Huuuuu!"

Before hot tears could blur her vision, Kang Nan ran to Gaold with a tearful expression.

(End of Volume 30)