Even If It's a Misunderstanding (2)

?

The Sein team, tasked with assassinating Havitz, raced across the Denan Plains where the army of hell was advancing.

'The timing will be tight.'

A ring of light ignited in Sein's eyes, and two massive halos appeared in the distant sky.

'Iron Ring Eye, Sun and Moon Halo.'

As the two halos converged toward each other and merged into one, the world began to ripple.

As if space itself was pushing back, the scenery ahead rushed toward them rapidly, causing Eden to draw in a breath.

'This is the Iron Ring Eye.'

In a sky dark as night, only rings of light spun at terrifying speed.

'I can do this. I'll stop Havitz with this.'

The ability to control all physical and mental factors within the radius where the halo floated.

Havitz probably wouldn't die even if he were in the middle of falling rocks, but...

'What if I manipulate gravity?'

The future of immortality would be shattered.

Of course, what Sein would have to sacrifice to strengthen specific factors would be his own mind and body.

'That's why I'm on the team.'

Eden, a specialist in defensive magic, clearly established the priority of who to protect.

'Protect the control tower.'

As Eden was building up his fighting spirit, Armin approached Quan, who was running on the other side.

"Will you be alright?"

"A swordsman doesn't calculate odds."

"No, I mean about Siena."

Quan's eyebrows twitched.

Olivia Siena was still working as a teacher in Creas City.

A close distance compared to Zion.

But Quan had never once gone to see her.

"Why haven't you gone to see her? This battle might be the last."

"How unpleasant."

Quan looked back at Armin with intensity in his eyes.

"I'll handle my own affairs. And you're not the only one worried about her."

This was especially true knowing that Armin was in a relationship with Keira, a resident of the Ivory Tower.

"If this operation fails..."

Quan said.

"The Kingdom of Tormia will be destroyed anyway. Conversely, if we kill Havitz, the war ends. That's all there is to it."

Sein pointed ahead.

"They're coming."

Literally filling the horizon from end to end, the demon army was charging forward.

"Where's Havitz?"

Meirei no longer needed to cover her ears.

"I'm already listening. Put on Nemesis. Ah, let me confirm one last time before that."

Meirei looked around at the group and said.

"The target of eavesdropping is Havitz. Abandon any thought that it will be normal sounds."

Understanding the meaning immediately, the group put on Nemesis, which had been crafted into rings, with tense expressions.

The sound of Havitz's inner thoughts that Meirei was listening to reached everyone like hallucinations.

Eden's face turned pale.

"Th-this is...!"

While eavesdropping on a human's mind was an unfamiliar experience, having lived the life of a seeker and seen many corrupt aspects of humanity, he had prepared himself to some degree.

'This can't be.'

If what he was hearing now was really being born from within a human mind...

'It's hell.'

This world was a living hell of pain where even cutting one's own throat right now wouldn't be unjust.

Everyone wore expressions containing the same emotion, and even the cold Quan was squinting one eye.

"No."

Eden, realizing what Havitz desired, shouted to everyone.

"We have to go back!"

They needed to stop not Havitz, but Havitz's thoughts.

"It's already too late."

When Quan argued for increasing speed instead, Sein made a quick decision.

"We proceed by force. We can't solve every problem. We just need to do what we do best."

They had no choice but to trust the Tormia army and the temple remaining in the flower field.

The moment they felt the ground vibrations caused by the enemy army, Sein gave the order.

"Now."

Light burst from Armin's eye hidden behind his eyepatch as the Stop magic activated.

Time stopped in an area with a diameter of 4 kilometers, but it couldn't contain the entire army.

As the demons who collided with the Spirit Zone's boundary froze, the following units hit the brakes.

"What!"

The massive inertia only disappeared after cramming an additional million troops into the Spirit Zone.

Armin said.

"I couldn't contain them all. We need to finish this as quickly as possible."

Sein ran, weaving between the firmly frozen demons.

'Currently, we have no mass. We cannot exert physical force.'

In terms of information, this was because they were moving at the same speed as the signals entering this world.

"Found him."

Havitz, surrounded by demon guards, sat on a horse that was frozen in the state of rearing on its hind legs.

Liria jumped up, pulling out several birch totems from the container on her back.

'I need to separate Havitz.'

At that moment, Sein saw clearly.

'What is that?'

Something was moving in one of Havitz's lifeless eyes, like a wax doll.

"A fly?"

The moment he realized it, twelve black holes appeared on the ground, and robed figures emerged.

'Shiok.'

It was his first time seeing them with his eyes, but if he were to bet, he could wager anything.

'So this is how they appear.'

The fact that Stop activated independently of Havitz was proven through Sirone's case.

Here began the experiment on the first unverified hypothesis.

'Shiok is time not bound by law. Therefore, it separates Havitz from all events, but...'

Why were the Shiok visible now?

'Because time has stopped.'

If physical attacks on Shiok were possible, the success rate of assassinating Havitz would increase dramatically.

"Quan."

Just as Sein was giving orders, Havitz at the center of Shiok moved his lips.

"Stop."

Instantly, Shiok was sucked underground, and the Stop magic dominated space once again.

"Why?"

Before Sein could understand the situation, Liria threw the totems to the ground.

Simultaneously, Stop was released, and twenty totems formed a large circle around Havitz.

"Done!"

The moment Liria clasped her hands together, the totems vibrated and burrowed underground.

The ground shook as the surface of the formation became mirror-smooth, reflecting the scenery.

But that scenery wasn't the Denan Plains - it was a vast wasteland covered with reddish-brown stones.

'The Law of Space. Mirror World!'

As Sein's group surrounded Havitz, the law formation began to flip over as if it had an axis.

"Enemies! Kill them!"

The demons belatedly realized and charged, but the formation was already standing vertically.

Even so, gravity still acted downward, and to Sein's group, it looked as if the entire world was being reversed.

"Satan! Satan is..."

As the law formation Mirror World flipped 180 degrees, demons crossed through the empty space.

"Damn! What the hell is happening!"

No demon knew what had occurred while time was stopped.

"Commander! Commander!"

Though the current general commander was Paimon, the human messenger reported the situation to Balkan.

"This is serious! Lord Havitz has left formation! He seems to have fallen into a trap."

Hearing the circumstances, Balkan stroked his chin.

"Hmm."

"What should we do? Should we pursue?"

"No, leave it be."

"What?"

"Havitz moves according to desire. He doesn't do calculations in his head. We can't stop him anyway. And..."

Balkan raised one corner of his mouth.

"Perhaps that is the natural order."

All Havitz could see in his eyes was wasteland where only the horizon met the sky.

Even if he escaped this place alive, it was a location where he would die from dehydration and starvation.

"What are you people?"

None of Sein's group surrounding Havitz answered.

Havitz's choice was that shocking.

'I know about chaos.'

But what was the reason for coming here while even preventing Shiok from activating?

"Why?"

Finally unable to contain himself, Sein asked.

"Why did you withdraw Shiok? What's the reason?"

"Just because."

Havitz said, twirling his mustache.

"This looked more interesting."

Though it was the answer they expected, it made them realize something with certainty.

'As long as Meirei is here, information is perfectly controlled. Therefore, he couldn't possibly know about the elemental bomb.'

The predetermined future.

'What if following us and leaving space is the only probability that could save Havitz?'

If he chose the law that could get him as far as possible from Bashka...

'Is our judgment correct or wrong?'

They could newly realize the scope of Havitz's innate ability, the predetermined future.

"Meirei."

Quan said quietly.

"Eavesdrop."

At some point, Havitz's inner thoughts had stopped being heard by everyone.

When Eden turned his head, he saw Meirei, whose face had turned ghostly pale.

Her expression was still emotionless, but just from her skin color, he could sense her emotions.

"Meirei, let us hear."

They needed to react immediately if Havitz activated Vanishing.

"I cannot."

Meirei said coldly.

With the assassination target Havitz right in front of them, there was no way she would make an independent decision.

Therefore, the reason she blocked the eavesdropping while ignoring Sein's command was one thing.

Because she thought it would result in almost absolute mission failure.

Sein said.

"Meirei, if you can't do it, we'll all be annihilated."

"If you want to watch your comrades die without knowing why, do as you please."

It was half consent, but Meirei's nose bridge was deeply wrinkled.

"I don't know what you're babbling about."

Havitz approached, letting his long sword drag.

"Now, who shall I kill first?"

The moment they felt the chilling murderous intent, Meirei squeezed her eyes shut and shouted.

"I'm opening it!"

As if a blocked hole had been opened, the sound of Havitz's inner thoughts reached Sein's group.

Waves of evil.

"Kyaaahhh!"

Liria screamed first, and Armin and Sein flinched as if struck by shock.

'Damn! I should have warned them!'

Meirei had clearly given a warning.

It was just that Havitz's mind was horrifically beyond what they could imagine.

"What's wrong?"

The first prey Havitz targeted was Eden.

"It's as if you know something."

"Ah, ahhh..."

As Havitz approached closer, Eden's legs trembled as dizziness overcame him.

'Stay calm. I'm Yoray now. I'm different from when I was a believer of the Yor religion.'

Eden's faith in goodness was renowned as the best even in Zion.

Even if bombs fell before his eyes, he was a defender who wouldn't bat an eye due to his faith in God.

"Huuuu."

But now he was just a human pathetically falling on his rear, consumed by fear.

"What's wrong?"

Havitz was speaking.

"Are you afraid of me?"

You're the same as me.

True fear doesn't come from outside but blooms from within.

Fear doesn't arise just because a murderer slaughters people and cuts off limbs.

Unless they're doing it to me.

'No. I am God's messenger.'

Tears flowed from fear.

He thought he had driven out all evil dwelling in his spirit, but was there still corrupt heart remaining?

'I can't win. Absolutely...'

The fear that Havitz triggered touched the essence of humanity, and furthermore, the origin of living beings.

'Ultimate Good.'

Only Miro, the crystallization of absolute perfection, would be able to respond to Satan's voice.