[668] To Radum (3)

"Remo!"

Yordic rushed to the fallen Remo and shook his body.

He couldn't accept the fact that someone who had fought countless battles as a member of the War Chariot Guild had died from mere fear.

More importantly, the guild members of Silverring and Blood Rose were still perfectly alive.

"Get up! What kind of humiliating display is this! Open your eyes quickly!"

Unable to contain his anger, Yordic suddenly flinched and began slowly backing away.

As if gravity had disappeared, Remo's corpse was raising its body and standing upright.

"This is..."

It was a world where something was severely twisted.

Realizing this fact, Yordic turned toward Shirone and shouted.

"What's going on! There was no talk of this!"

"Anyone can die. Didn't you join the mercenary corps prepared for that from the beginning?"

Rufist's voice remained cold.

"Can die? Does this situation look like a simple death to you? No, why is a corpse standing up in the first place?"

"Don't get excited. You'll die."

Shirone's sharp words made Yordic shut his mouth.

Though there had been casualties, the most important thing was mind control.

"Guild Master, please explain properly. We can't proceed with the mission without convincing everyone."

At Shirone's words, Rufist removed his mask. It was the point where hiding his identity became meaningless.

Jane also removed her mask and revealed her identity.

Just confirming visually that they were the Guild Master and Secretary General would reduce the members' fear somewhat.

"It's a kind of human trap. And I think this is a trap specifically designed to catch you."

Rufist pointed at Shirone and continued.

"Ra Enemy controls human pasts through memories of the five senses, but that method doesn't work on you. So they added another layer. They controlled someone's past to create the present future, and made that person control your past."

Jane added.

"The brain in the vat isn't mental magic. Simply put, it's accepting the world through a completely different method from the five senses we've experienced so far."

Hearing her words, the members looked with serious eyes at the scenery that was changing dramatically by the moment.

Buildings transformed into fibrous tissue pulsed like hearts, and blood seeped out from the gaps.

Corpses stood on tiptoes, candles were lit in front of demon statues large and small, and skulls rolled around on the ground.

"So what, this was like this from the beginning? Our five senses just couldn't detect it?"

It was chilling to think this was the actual scenery due to changes in the five senses, not some madman's imagination made real.

"The five senses are everything."

When Rufist placed his palm against the muscle wall, dozens of tentacles burst out from the fibrous tissue and tried to swallow his arm.

Feeling the actual warmth and pulsing, he pulled his arm back before it could be caught and continued.

"Perhaps our senses have come to feel the real world. The reason it's similar to the appearance of hell that appeared in countless works might also be the result of the sixth sense."

"Nonsense! You're not even sure! Creating a fearful atmosphere with strange ghost stories doesn't help!"

"I'm telling you not to turn away. If it's a method where specific signals are directly implanted into the brain, Remo's death can also be explained. From now on, suppress your emotions and think carefully. The moment you lose your reason, hell will devour you."

Unlike the members who swallowed nervously with tense faces, Meirei covered her ears with a calm expression.

"I can't hear voices."

Since the five senses had already been distorted, hearing was also dominated by the brain in the vat's trap.

"Remove Nemesis. It will only be a hindrance now."

When the core members opened Kubrick's slots, the rings on their fingers disappeared like magic.

Shirone gave instructions.

"First survival, then escape. Let's search the surroundings and secure a safe zone. We need to find a way to get out of here from there."

Since Radum's structure had changed, this place was no longer the entrance either.

The mercenary corps, having reorganized their formation, began to move.

Looking at the terrible scenery, one could realize how meaningless the memories of the five senses felt throughout life were.

"Damn it. How did I get dragged into this."

The glass wall-like atmospheric boundary that scattered the red sun made them feel even more trapped.

"Stop. Ghouls."

Three ghouls were clinging to the wall, tearing at muscle, their bellies burst open with intestines spilling out due to paralyzed brain nerves.

Just when they thought it might be better to go mad in such a world, the ghouls turned their heads.

"Food... Food..."

Before they could even take a step after smelling fresh human flesh, screams came from around the corner.

"Aaaaah! Save me!"

Then countless ghouls began running toward them with equally terrified expressions.

"Demon! A demon has appeared! Gack!"

The ghoul shouting at the front died, unable to overcome its fear, rolling its eyes back.

"Captain! What do we do?"

As the swordsmen drew their weapons and shouted, Shirone stepped forward and fired Photon Cannons in succession.

The Photon Cannons manifested through Spirit Zone stretched out as clean flashes of light just like before, striking the ghouls.

'Good. Spirit Zone isn't distorted.'

The ghouls were cleaned up in an instant, but before they could feel relieved, the ground rumbled from the other end of the alley.

"Wh-what?"

They were about two meters tall giants with black cloth covering their faces and knife-shaped blades attached below their elbows.

Their bellies were grotesquely swollen, and maggots were crawling from suture marks that had been simply sewn with iron wire.

"Urgh!"

Their appearance was nauseating just to look at, but Shirone only thought about the proportion of size to weight.

'Height is only about 2 meters 20 centimeters. For the ground to shake like this, they'd need to weigh at least over a ton.'

Meirei spoke.

"Gallopers. They're cooks of the other world."

Shirone's head whipped around.

"Did you know about this?"

"No. This is my first time here too. But I've heard about them through divine revelations."

The Gallopers who discovered Shirone's mercenary corps also looked at each other and conversed in an unknown language.

Those guys seem to be able to see us. The boundaries keep disappearing lately.

Those guys are weak anyway. It's good for us.

'They're coming!'

At the same moment Shirone sensed it, the Gallopers all turned toward the mercenary corps and charged.

Cooking ingredients!

As they approached, cutting down ghouls, the structures began pulsing rapidly as if their emotions had synchronized.

"Damn! What is this now!"

Dozens of tons of mass collided head-on with the mercenary corps.

Etela, who dodged the blades and stabbed at the abdomen, could assess their strength in an instant.

'Too hard?'

Whether the senses were distorted or their durability really exceeded biological limits was unknowable, but it was meaningless analysis once battle had begun.

"Hiyaaah!"

Shouting a fierce battle cry and unleashing a barrage of Yin-Yang Wave Fist attacks, the body weighing over a ton shook violently.

"Latra me dakaforga (These guys are strong)!"

'I'll burst it here!'

The moment Etela's twin palms struck the abdomen, powerful waves shook the Galloper's insides.

"Kraaaah!"

The skin bulged unevenly for a moment, then burst at the side with a pop, spilling rotten organs.

"Owwww."

Etela, rubbing her numb wrists with a disgusted expression, hurriedly looked around.

'What about the others?'

The core members' side had a relatively manageable battle situation, but the rear was struggling.

As the Gallopers' durability defied common sense, the faces of the frightened members began turning pale.

'No! Pull yourself together!'

The moment you're consumed by fear, you die.

This was like fighting with a mental cliff behind them.

'Fight! I can win!'

He tried to steel his resolve, but his face was grotesquely twisted, and eventually Toto, whose reason had been paralyzed, charged into enemy lines swinging his spear.

"Dieeeee!"

It was a strike with all his might, but the accuracy was poor, and when the spear struck the sturdiest part of the abdomen, the iron broke.

As he stared blankly at the broken spear, the Galloper raised its arm with all its might and brought down the cleaver.

"Aaaaah!"

Simultaneously, Rian slid forward to block it, striking up at the falling cleaver with his great sword.

"Kugh!"

Tremendous force was transmitted, contorting his expression, but without time to care, he turned back and shouted.

"Get away quickly!"

Where he looked back, Toto already stood with his life drained, showing the whites of his eyes.

"Patungaar! Patungaar!"

Shouting in a voice as if his throat was filled with phlegm, three nearby ones simultaneously struck at the great sword.

It felt like catching a boulder.

'Push them back!'

With the power of Divine Transcendence, as he lifted the great sword, Rian's knees began to slowly straighten.

"Patungaar! Patungaar!"

Panicked at being pushed back in strength, the Gallopers brought down their cleavers using their opposite arms too.

Even facing an impact that sparked in his head, Rian didn't yield and kicked the ground with both legs.

'Cut!'

The will of Divine Transcendence surged with Mach's power, simultaneously splitting the torsos of four Gallopers horizontally.

"Poof!"

Swinging his great sword past the pile of reeking corpses, organ debris spurted out.

"This won't be easy."

Rufist, who had crushed a Galloper's body with steel magic, opened his mouth as if answering Rian's words.

"The feeling isn't good. Our allies are clustered together, making it awkward to use area magic."

"I don't know what it is, but the strange rules are the problem. The fact that you die if overcome by fear is actually increasing the fear."

Rufist glanced sideways and asked.

"You're no exception, are you? This is hell."

Rian, who had been lost in thought looking at the red sky, spoke in a calm voice.

"...I thought I'd go there someday."

And again he dragged his great sword away into the battlefield.

"Places where people live are all the same, after all."

Rufist, who had been watching Rian's back, turned to the opposite side and lifted the corner of his mouth with a smirk.

"Indeed."

Thanks to the core members' efforts, they continued an even fight, but the problem lay elsewhere.

'They're not the ones killing us.'

Shirone, who had dodged the cleaver with nimble movements and slashed at the neck, frowned.

'Just winning won't be enough.'

Of the three casualties so far, two had died from inner fear.

"Rian! Take the members and retreat!"

The fact that no one had left the front line was unusual for a hastily formed team, but in reality, they couldn't run away.

'If your heart breaks, you die!'

Everyone was desperately holding on, and when Shirone's order came, they turned without anyone being first.

'This is the captain's order! I'm not scared!'

Rationalizing it that way, they retreated following Rian while Shirone alone blocked the alley.

"Captain! What are you doing!"

Vicon shouted, clanking his steel armor, but Shirone didn't even move and glared at the Gallopers.

'I'll end it in one strike.'

Light rose from Shirone's body like burning oil, and the avatar of a giant archangel spread its wings wide.

In the beautiful cluster of light that made even the murky hellish scenery look sacred, the archangel raised its spear of light.

"Wh-what is that?"

Avatar of the Archangel.

Angel's Judgment.

A line of light struck down diagonally, completely piercing through the fibrous tissue-covered ground.

'This is...!'

It was solid enough for people to walk on, but against the Angel's Judgment driving down at tremendous speed, it was like a sponge.

The feeling of being thwarted was brief, as the shock wave generated underground caused structures in all directions to expand like balloons.

Kuuuuung!

The world seemed to split in two from the tremendous vibration, and shock waves burst out from all the walls along with blood.

"Kraaaaaaah!"

Just from that, the bodies of the Gallopers, who boasted steel-like skin, were torn apart like dried squid and scattered on the ground.

'The structures absorbed the shock wave.'

Then they could apply area magic within a range that wouldn't harm allies.

"Not bad."