[704] God of the Desert (3)

Shirone stared intently at the girl's face.

'She's not Middle Eastern?'

Judging by the crystal ball on the table, she was definitely an astrologer, but she was white with blonde hair.

"I can see why she has no customers."

Shirone said as he sat down in a chair.

"The Akard Desert is the birthplace of astrology. If you're not Middle Eastern, your credibility drops."

He admired her courage for deciding to set up a tent in Vanguard.

"But why are you sitting down? She's not waking up even with all this noise. Tell her to dream about making loads of money or something."

Shirone's credibility was equally questionable, but as fellow foreigners, he felt a sense of kinship with her plight.

"Let's just look here. Maybe she's actually skilled but discriminated against because of her race."

As Kido and Rian pulled up chairs and took seats on either side, Shirone cleared his throat.

"Excuse me, we're customers."

A soft snoring sound answered instead.

"Hey! Customers are here!"

When Kido banged on the table, she trembled as if electrocuted and opened her mouth.

"Sea..."

"Sea?"

"Seafood pasta?"

It was in the continental common language.

Still half-asleep, she looked at Shirone's group, then hurriedly came to her senses and straightened her posture.

"Oh my! Welcome!"

Seeing her frantically putting on the face veil that had been sprawled across the table, Shirone said:

"Take your time. We already saw your whole face."

"Ho ho ho! Sorry. I haven't been able to sleep lately. Astrologers aren't supposed to show their faces."

She seemed to have a good personality.

"Come to think of it, you speak the continental common language. Where are you from?"

"Tormia."

"Nice to meet you. I'm from the Merchen Kingdom."

It was a country attached below the Mediterranean, Shagal's homeland.

"I've been interested in astrology since I was young and studied in Kashan. I learned under Master Rosie."

It was a name they'd never heard before.

"She told me not to come back until I earned 10,000 gold in Vanguard. It's a kind of training."

"How much do you charge for fortune telling?"

The girl stuck out her tongue slightly.

"2 gold. I've earned 360 gold in two months."

It was decent earnings compared to the city, but the desert living conditions had to be considered too.

"You might never be able to leave."

"Hehe, it's okay. Once word spreads, customers will line up. Then 10,000 gold will be nothing."

"Wearing a face veil would help."

Understanding Shirone's meaning, she laughed.

"There's that aspect too. But some customers come because they find it interesting. Of course, right now the foot traffic has completely dried up."

The girl sighed.

"I'm a bit lacking in tact. Customers like hopeful interpretations, but when I get immersed, emotions well up and words just come out without me realizing it. That's probably why Master Rosie told me to try working in Vanguard."

If she was someone who had formally studied astrology, expectations rose.

"So who should I read first?"

Shirone handed over 2 gold and said:

"I'll go first. I heard astrologers can foresee the future that lies ahead."

This was surely the charm of astrology.

"Of course. That's my job."

The girl adjusted the crystal ball's stand so Shirone's face was reflected and placed both hands on it.

"Then I'll begin."

In her fierce gaze at the crystal ball, none of her previous foolishness could be found.

"Does the future appear in the crystal ball?"

"No. It's a feeling. When I concentrate, your face disappears like ripples and special forms of emotions are transmitted."

After staring for quite a while, she tilted her head.

"Hmm, strange. Why can't I feel anything? This is a first."

The thought that it might be fraud crossed their minds.

"Huh? Now I can feel..."

Suddenly stopping mid-sentence, she stared intensely at the crystal ball, then trembled as if shocked.

"Ah, ahhh."

Even after the vision ended, she remained in a dazed state for quite a while before throwing off her face veil and saying:

"I'm sorry, but I think there are some futures in this world that are better left unknown."

When had she claimed to lack tact? She seemed quite convincing now.

"Haha! It's fine. Just tell me the truth. I absolutely won't get angry."

"But it's not that level. This is..."

After biting her lip and pondering, she seemed to make a decision and began conveying the vision.

"Fine. In the future, you will fall into tremendous despair."

Despair.

"Dark darkness where you can know nothing and do nothing. That is all I saw of your future."

It was more like cursing than prophecy.

"A massive enemy will bind you. And then eventually... you'll strangle yourself to death."

"What? Shirone will strangle himself?"

Not only the person involved, but Rian listening was also dumbfounded.

If Shirone died, it would be in battle, but suicide was the furthest thing from him.

"I'm sorry. But I have nothing else to say."

'That's it?'

It was true that she lacked tact.

"Kik kik kik! What an absolutely fantastic future!"

Along with Kido's laughter, Shirone also raised the corners of his mouth, but honestly his legs felt a bit shaky.

Rian stepped forward.

"Could you look at my future too?"

When Rian put down 2 gold, the girl composed herself from the previous emotion and cracked her neck left and right.

'Is it because I napped? My condition is too good today.'

That's why she was anxious.

"I'll begin."

Her eyes became calmly subdued, and after staring at the crystal ball for over a minute, the color drained from her face.

"Th-this can't be..."

Rian frowned.

"Why? What is it this time?"

"You will suffer endless torment. You'll struggle, but will never be able to escape."

"Hmm, that's fine. So what happens then?"

"Nothing. Just pain, endless pain. And then eventually you'll meet death in the most horrible state."

She seemed desperate to use harsh words.

"I... die?"

He had thought that someday he might not hear Smile's hallucinations, but honestly it was hard to believe.

"Puhahaha! Chilling, I like it! Now it's my turn, right?"

Kido scattered the gold coins he'd received from Uorin.

"Read mine too. How do I die?"

After taking a deep breath to calm her mind, the girl peered at Kido's face reflected in the crystal ball.

A full 5 minutes passed like that.

The sound of Kido yawning and drumming the table continued, but the girl still didn't move a muscle.

"Hey, what are you doing? Is making up a goblin's end so..."

The girl's face slowly moved.

"Why, what's wrong?"

Looking at Kido with eyes full of enormous pity, a tear rolled down from one of her eyes.

"Aw hell! What are you doing? Why are you crying!"

"You will..."

The girl squeezed out words in a sobbing voice.

"Experience such heartbreaking love."

"Love? What love would a goblin have?"

Goblins were a species that enjoyed life.

"Love that tears your heart to shreds. You'll wither away like that. Twisting and rotting. But still you won't be able to give up..."

The girl couldn't continue and covered her face.

"Is she crazy! I die for just that reason? And if it hurts, I'm the one who hurts, so why are you crying and making a fuss?"

That was even more ominous.

The girl who had been trembling and shedding tears suddenly came to her senses and lowered her hands.

"Oh my, I'm sorry. I must be crazy."

After patting her cheeks, she made a tearful face and said:

"I'm really bad at this, aren't I? Do I have no talent?"

"..."

They couldn't even begin to know how to respond.

"Ugh, damn it! Just fail completely! Is that astrology? I could curse too!"

Kido left the tent and shouted loud enough for the girl inside to hear.

"Stop it. You're interfering with her business. Don't take it too much to heart. Honestly, where would you find a happy death?"

"Hmph, who said I'm scared of dying? It's just ridiculous. You're supposed to strangle yourself to death. Where in the world would someone commit suicide like that?"

Shirone was equally disturbed.

"Forget it. Let's just forget everything. Should we go somewhere to drink? After sleeping it off, we won't think about any of this."

Sometimes Rian's simple solutions were needed, and Kido enthusiastically agreed.

"Right! Let's order the strongest liquor!"

The place they entered was a bar on the first floor of the apartment.

Chaotic music could be heard, and on the stage dozens of masked dancers were performing.

"Expensive and delicious! The strongest liquor! Quickly!"

When Rian translated Kido's words, soon after a feast that nearly collapsed the table was laid out before them.

"Good, snacks complete. Let's forget!"

Kido gulped down strong liquor as if trying to wash his brain with alcohol, and today even Shirone and Rian found the liquor going down smoothly.

"She's a fraud, a fraud!"

Kido slammed down his glass.

"She just gets carried away by her own excitement and babbles whatever comes to mind. It feels like prophecy. Anyway, human delusions..."

That possibility wasn't entirely out of the question.

"Hey, you guys. You got your fortunes read by Clarice earlier, didn't you?"

A drunk at the next table acted familiar.

"Clarice?"

"The astrologer who does prophecy with a crystal ball."

"Yes. But why do you ask?"

When Rian translated Shirone's words, the drunk burst into laughter.

"Puhahaha! So that's why you looked like you'd eaten shit! She's famous in Vanguard for being vicious. Nobody believes her prophecies. So don't worry about it."

"I'm really going to get that woman!"

The drunk raised his hand to stop Kido.

"Just forget about it, that's the best policy. Come to think of it, you're drinking good liquor. Give me a glass too."

When Shirone poured him a drink, the drunk casually whispered:

"Forget everything and enjoy yourselves. You seem to have plenty of money, so try giving the dancers some tips. You'll be able to see wonderful dances."

"We've got money to spare!"

When Kido reached into his gold coin pouch, Shirone said worriedly:

"Kido, emotional spending isn't good."

"What does it matter? I'm going to wither and die anyway. Let's have some fun. The suicide reservee can just watch."

The gold coins Kido scattered rolled around the stage.

"Here, take them! We're going to have a blast today!"

The dancers who picked up the gold coins came running and bowed to Kido in greeting.

Applause erupted from the drunks, and the dancers' clothes flowed softly to the floor.

When the dancers with only their faces covered struck poses that made faces flush, Kido clicked his tongue and laughed.

"Kehehehe! So this was it? Hey, you guys..."

When Kido turned around, Shirone and Rian were frozen, not even noticing liquor spilling from their mouths.

"What's with that reaction? Is this your first time seeing this?"

It was their first time in their lives, and it was truly strange.

'They're completely different from men.'

"Geez, so innocent. How are you going to travel together like this?"

Shirone wiped the liquor and turned his gaze away.

"Wh-who said it was our first time? This kind of thing is just unfamiliar."

Seeing women's bodies on life-and-death battlefields was common, but it couldn't compare to the current shock.

"Ho ho ho! Another jackpot today!"

Momodo, who had been watching the liquor sales from afar, covered her mouth with a fan and burst into laughter.

Selling pleasure in the heart of emptiness.

That was Vanguard's reason for existence.

"Manager, Noscarta will arrive in one hour."

"Close Vanguard as of this time. Activate the drainage system and remove Luna's water. Don't forget to cut off the source from underground."

A soldier from the watchtower climbed down the ladder.

"Manager! About 40 people are coming down fast from the north. It'll take about 10 minutes."

"Latecomers. How lucky. Let them in."

"But... they're not merchants."

"Not merchants?"

"From their flags, it looks like the Maga Bandit Group."

Momodo's eyes turned cold.

"Oh?"

It was the most famous bandit group in the central Akard Desert recently.