Black Monk (4)

The interior of the crater where Son Yujeong had fallen was a mess of corpses with burst flesh.

"Hi, hiiiek!"

Each time the blood-red club swung, severed arms and legs shot up into the sky.

"What the hell are these things?"

Son Yujeong, having defeated all the heinous criminals of hell, tilted her head and looked around.

"Uaaah... Please, please stop..."

Corpses that had strayed far from human form were wriggling and crawling around.

"Why won't you guys die?"

Lechera, now just a face, screamed in despair at what remained of her life.

"We can't die!"

Son Yujeong grabbed Lechera by the hair and lifted her up to eye level.

"Why can't you die?"

From the sight of her casually conversing with a severed head, Lechera finally realized:

'She's not normal. She's insane.'

For the immortal outcasts, the most horrifying situation was having their heads destroyed.

Though unconfirmed, rumor had it that in such cases, they'd experience the agony of being placed in a coffin and buried underground.

"Please stop. Just leave us alone and go. Please, I'm begging you."

"So I'm asking why you won't die, aren't I?"

After Lechera revealed everything she knew, Son Yujeong nodded.

"Hmm, purification."

She caressed the Geumgoa around her neck in the form of a broken chain.

She grabbed the cloud-like curled end and tried pulling it hard, but it wouldn't budge.

"Ah, shit."

Based on her past experience, even destroying her body wouldn't allow her to remove it.

'Why did they do this when I'm falling into hell anyway? There probably aren't even any Buddhas here.'

When someone who has reached a high level of spiritual enlightenment recites a special incantation, the Geumgoa tightens.

Its power was such that even Son Yujeong, the incarnation of the Stone Monkey, wouldn't survive with her neck intact.

"I really hate this."

Though it seemed unlikely there would be a Buddhist monk in a place crawling with the world's most evil beings, the uneasiness was real.

"Hm?"

Snapping out of her thoughts, Son Yujeong noticed Lechera staring at her body.

"What are you looking at like that?"

"Well, that is... you have a nice figure."

Son Yujeong giggled.

"Even with just a head left, that's what you're thinking? You're pretty interesting. Come to think of it, where I used to live, there was a demon that was just a floating face. Who would've thought that was you."

Lechera thought:

'...You're the one who made me like this.'

Anyway, thinking about having to roll around with just a head left made her feel hopeless.

'I'd rather be purified than live like this.'

Just then, the sound of burning wind came rushing from the distant sky.

"Hm?"

When Son Yujeong looked up, something writhing like black smoke was flying overhead.

"Black, Black Monks!"

The criminals who still had faces attached twisted their bodies upon hearing Lechera's words.

"Over here! She's over here!"

If they were destined to crawl around this place for life anyway, it was only right to destroy Son Yujeong too.

Lechera screamed:

"You idiot! What are you going to do if you call the Black Monks!"

"Shut up! You think sucking up to that woman is going to change your life? We're all going to be screwed together!"

The faces all shouted one after another:

"You're finished too! Be buried in the Wailing Wall and suffer eternally! Kahahaha... uaaaah!"

At that moment, Black Monks entered the crater pit and instantly collected the bodies.

"My body! My body!"

Lechera burst into tears, but keeping her face was already a blessing.

Three Black Monks floated before Son Yujeong, emanating a murky and sinister aura.

"A living deity?"

A face caught by a Black Monk shouted:

"Catch that woman too! She's incredibly fast! Catch her quickly before she escapes... gack!"

As black chains clinked, the restraining force grew stronger and even consciousness was blocked.

The thought that she could have become like them made Lechera's blood run cold.

"Hey, let's get out of here first. Those things are really scary. I haven't seen them directly, but..."

Even the seniors consumed by madness had been terrified when talk of Black Monks came up.

Son Yujeong's eyes blazed golden.

"What are you guys?"

Even with the Fire Eyes and Golden Pupils that penetrate truth, she couldn't accurately identify their true nature.

Perhaps that itself was the truth.

"...Buddha's dog, are you?"

The Black Monk who discovered the Geumgoa realized why Son Yujeong had no karma chains.

"There must be a reason you were sent. I won't ask."

The difference between Yahweh and Buddha was clearly evident in how the Black Monks treated them.

"However, what you hold in your hands belongs to hell. Hand it over to us."

The terrified Lechera struggled desperately:

"Uaaaah! Don't fall for what those bastards say! They treat people like objects!"

The Black Monk said:

"Most humans who enter this world accept their end and are peacefully purified. But those addicted to pleasure can't forget that taste and refuse purification."

Their attachment to the secular world was too powerful.

"Since they're the type who ignore rules even in your world, it would be good to hand over these humans who go against Buddha's will to us."

"No."

What the Black Monk didn't know was that Son Yujeong's nature leaned toward chaos.

"I got this one first. It's an interesting toy. I'm not giving it to you."

Though she was also treating her like an object, Lechera nodded with all her might.

"...I see."

The Black Monk, guessing Buddha's intentions, dissolved into smoke and filled the sky.

*O seeker of truth in hell, whatever you may realize, you will not be able to accomplish the karma of saving sentient beings.*

"I told you I have no intention of doing that!"

Son Yujeong retorted, but the Black Monk only became a black whirlpool and disappeared into the distance.

Lechera trembled at the miraculous situation.

"They're gone. They're gone."

According to the seniors, no human who had been caught by Black Monks had ever survived unharmed.

"Now then, where..."

Lechera's vision suddenly spun around.

"What should I do with this now?"

The sight of her raising the corners of her mouth with mischievous eyes filled her with terror once again.

"Please spare me. No, at least throw me into hell's flames. I want to end this now."

"That's too bothersome. More importantly, I want to get rid of this right now. Do you know anything?"

As Son Yujeong scratched at the Geumgoa, Lechera's head spun at the fastest speed in history.

"I-I don't know what that is, but if you go to Labiet, you might be able to solve it."

"Labiet?"

"They say hell has many truly wondrous items. And most of them are produced there. If it's an expert from there, perhaps..."

Her confidence was gradually fading.

"They might be able to remove it? Maybe."

"Hmm, shall we go there then? If my business goes well, I'll grant your request too."

Saying this, she plucked a strand of hair and blew it away, causing a light string phenomenon.

It was the same level as Sirone's Material, but this too was merely a privilege of bloodline.

Seeing Son Yujeong instantly clothed, Lechera blinked.

"Is that magic?"

"Something like that. Wearing clothes is uncomfortable, but walking around naked causes more troublesome situations."

Seeing blood dripping from Lechera's neck, Son Yujeong applied force to her left hand.

"You need some grooming too."

"What? No, I'm..."

Before she could finish speaking, her left hand, heated like lava, seared the severed cross-section of the neck.

"Kraaaah! Kraaaah!"

At the unexpected pain, Lechera's eyes became bloodshot and her jaw gaped as if it would dislocate.

The smell of burning flesh vibrated through the air, and only when she was almost losing consciousness did Yujeong remove her hand.

"Now it's clean."

"Heuuk! Heueuuuk!"

Tears flowed at the dismay of becoming a complete entity with just a face.

"Since carrying you around is bothersome."

She created a chain with a pointed stopper and thrust it into Lechera's neck.

"Keeeeee! Keeeeee!"

Then she wrapped the chain around her waist, making it stick to her lower side.

"Complete! Now, shall we depart? Which way is it?"

In the upside-down landscape, Lechera wondered what sins she had committed in her past life.

'Let's endure until purification.'

Recalling stories she'd heard from seniors, Lechera rolled her eyes left and right and said:

"If you can go to high ground, you'll see that this region is a giant's remains. If you go straight toward where the head is placed, that's Labiet."

"Aha!"

As Yujeong bent her body vigorously and leaped high, the ground instantly became distant.

"Uaaaah!"

In Lechera's spinning vision, she could see remains stretching to the horizon's end.

The city of magical engineering, Labiet.

Rian couldn't find any common features among the demons wandering the streets.

"Just as human emotions differ, demon forms are all different too. Of course, there are distinct species like ogres and succubi, but the range of form variation is quite large."

Sirone continued explaining.

"Humans, based on genetics, consider even having one extra finger a mutation. But demons have no mutations. When species separate according to magical nature, they're born randomly from then on. So some demons are hideous or..."

"Kraaaah!"

A demon with a monster's face passed by, baring its teeth at Sirone.

"Some demons possess beauty that wouldn't exist even in reality."

A beauty walking from the opposite direction looked at Sirone and winked.

"Where do you think you're flirting?"

The next moment, a demon selling goods on the street knocked her down and stomped on her.

"Ptui! She's lost her mind."

Feeling the piercing gaze of demons from behind, Sirone awkwardly smiled and continued:

"That doesn't necessarily make them popular though. Anyway, you could say it's a world where form isn't that important."

"...I see."

Though he couldn't understand the residents' language, he could fully guess what kind of society this was.

"Sirone, there's something I'm really curious about."

Rian examined not the demons, but the countless structures that made up this city.

"How are you looking at this with a sound mind?"

As he'd suspected from the gate, humans were being used in some way in every structure.

"Right."

Sirone was calm.

"It would be a lie to say I'm not disgusted. But I've experienced this countless times while accepting Omega."

It had been as long as the time Gauffin had wandered.

"Hey, Yahweh!"

A voice came from a furniture stall.

"How about buying this? Just the right item you'd love came in."

It was in the form of a human lying prone, with the interior emptied as if a fish had been filleted.

"Haak! Haak!"

While watching the face attached to the side exhale, the demon tapped it.

"It's whole, whole. A finished product processed as is. It doesn't rot easily since it keeps breathing."

In real terms, it was an item carved from a whole log rather than assembled furniture.

"How about it? Get one. I'll give you a discount. Huh?"

Though the mouth was smiling, the hostility in the demon's eyes was as if facing a mortal enemy.

That was enough for Rian.

"I'll be right back after making you behave."

As he grasped the handle of his great sword and turned toward the merchant, Sirone stopped him.

"It's fine. They talk like that but won't dare attack me. It's just provocation."

The demon bared his fangs and spat:

"Drop dead! Yahweh!"

Spitting and making hissing sounds, veins rose on Rian's neck.

"Still makes me angry though."

"Demons hate me most of all. If you get this worked up, we can't stay in the city."

Rian, wanting to let Sirone rest even for a day, calmed his anger.

Sirone pointed to a restaurant sign.

"Anyway, aren't you hungry? Let's eat something first. We need to find out where the Grand Duke lives too."

"I am a bit peckish, but..."

He was starving to the point of madness.

"Haha, then let's try that restaurant. It's my first time actually going in too, but it should be edible."

Rian looked up at the sign.

Something was written in demon language, and a human arm was hanging, gesturing.

"I sure hope so."