[579] The Probability of R (2)

'Damn it! The shock went right through. It feels like my bones are crumbling.'

Despite wrapping himself in the thickest ice walls possible, they had all shattered.

"Grr...!"

Frings' shoulders shook.

"Kahahaha! I see! You're angry! So that's why you unleashed your hidden power!"

"I haven't even activated Immortal Function yet."

The laughter abruptly stopped and cold murderous intent flickered in Frings' eyes.

"But do you know why I was still able to suppress you? Because a day has passed."

"A day?"

The power of a single day is great.

"I've already experienced your abilities. That's why I could prepare countermeasures."

Shirone's eyes flashed as he spoke.

"Today's me is different from yesterday's me."

"Ah, I see."

Frings brushed off the ice clinging to his arm.

"So that's your famous quote, huh. Then I'll counter with my own famous quote."

He immediately spread his limbs and shouted.

"Tomorrow's me will be different from today's me!"

'What am I supposed to do with this crazy bastard.'

The moment Shirone lunged forward, Frings grotesquely tore open his mouth and cast magic.

Ice Wave!

A single photon cannon smashed through all the incoming ice waves and charged forward.

'Immortal Function. The power is definitely different.'

As he soared into the sky, Shirone activated Buddha's Four-State Explosive Strike and bound Frings' entire body with Shining Chain.

Ice Crystal.

As ice clung to trap the light, Frings applied force and broke the chains.

"Slow."

At Shirone's voice from behind him, Frings' eyes widened.

"Hyaaah!"

Ice Demon.

Dozens of icicles shot backward with crackling sounds, but Shirone was already in front of him.

"I said you're slow, didn't I?"

'Shit...!'

Curses flashed through Frings' mind.

'You're the one who's fast...'

As the Shining Chain wrapped around him, Frings' body spun dozens of times in an instant.

"Uaaaah!"

From the shock of blood rushing to his head as if it would burst, Frings' Spirit Zone disappeared.

The foundation of great mage battles is the head - this too was something learned from Cayden.

When Shirone swung the Shining Chain with all his might, Frings' body plummeted vertically.

At the crash site, two overlapping light orbs created through Shisegment were pulsating.

'Ice Armor...!'

It was Frings' strong mental fortitude that allowed him to don ice armor over his entire body at the last moment.

But even that was shattered to pieces in the storm of mass the moment it was crushed between the pulsating spheres.

"Uaaaagh!"

After flying wildly between the pulsating spheres, he bounced out with a thud and rolled across the ground.

While no major bones were broken, all ten of his fingers - the weaker joints - were grotesquely bent.

"Grrrr!"

Shirone walked toward Frings, who was crawling on the ground using his elbows.

"Hand over the Master Card."

"..."

Giving up the Master Card wasn't a big problem, but the situation unfolding exactly as Shirone intended was more detestable than death.

"It's in my underwear. Take it if you can."

"I will."

As Shirone approached, Frings suddenly brought up something out of the blue.

"You've been casting magic since you were four."

No answer came back.

"Want me to tell you the reason I persisted as a genius ice mage even after Overflow?"

A photon cannon materialized in Shirone's hand.

"It was for this very moment!"

Frings screamed at the top of his lungs and fired the fire magic Flame toward the maintenance factory.

"You're insane...!"

Shirone hastily created distance, picked up the still-recovering Sabina, and flew into the sky.

BOOOOOOM!

The maintenance factory exploded with a tremendous roar.

"Wahahahaha! Try to kill me, Shirone!"

Frings, with all his fingers broken, limped into the flames.

'He's completely lost it.'

No matter how much of an underground research group this was, casually destroying a factory meant he was already beyond being a student.

"What do we do? Aren't we all going to get expelled?"

Sabina asked, looking at the factory exploding in a chain reaction.

"It'll probably be fine."

Not because it was a manageable problem.

With the world's attention focused on this, the faculty would somehow process today's events as an accident.

"Let's go back. It's assembly time."

The 5th day of Scramble Royale had ended.

Shirone's team, gathered at their hideout, waited for Nade until past 1 AM.

"He's not coming."

Iruki said.

"And he won't come. He's not the type to skip assembly without even giving notice."

Shirone asked with a worried expression.

"Shouldn't we look for him? He might be injured."

Sabina glanced at Iruki.

'As expected... Iruki knows.'

How many people in the graduating class had the skill to injure Nade?

Even if there were, he wasn't foolish enough to be unable to send a rescue signal.

'Nade's last known location was...'

Iruki traced his memory of coordinates.

'Closest to Anchal, as expected.'

That fact led him to assume Nade's absence was by his own choice.

'Anchal's mental implementation. Definitely Nade's natural enemy.'

Having reached that conclusion, Iruki said.

"Let's wait until tomorrow morning. For now, it's better to review among ourselves without Nade."

As soon as Iruki finished speaking, Amy brought up the key point.

"Eden completed Infinity today."

A moment of silence followed.

"I also clashed with Eden in the 3rd round. But..."

Shirone shook his head with a pale expression.

Iruki, who had blown away a mountain peak with Nuclear Fusion, understood that feeling better than anyone.

"We need stronger firepower. Either increase the explosive reaction or..."

Iruki looked at Shirone.

"What about Ataraxia? You've faced it, so you should have some sense of it."

If the Allied Team was going all out, Shirone had no choice but to respond in kind.

"I'll have to try. I'll settle it tomorrow."

"How long does the convergence time take?"

"If I give it my all, late 10-second range."

His friends' mouths fell open.

'He's gotten incredibly fast.'

Just a year ago, Ataraxia took over a minute.

"We have 2 days left. We need to find a way to break Eden's Infinity within that time."

"There's one advantage."

Amy said.

"Eden can no longer call Kang. Because... he's stripped everything off."

You can't call Kang without possessing a Master Card.

Dorothy said.

"Where could he have hidden it? If I were a search-type, I could have found it."

"That's a strategy they calculated and decided on anyway. Instead, Hickory can store Scrambles like Fisho."

Shirone said.

"If Eden can't call Kang, we can bombard freely without worrying about Pao."

"On the other hand, that means he's that confident."

Confidence in invincibility.

Zero attack power throughout his entire life.

He couldn't protect allies or reverse the tide of battle, but in this type of competition, it was an absolute ability.

"Even if Eden can't call Kang, Scramble Royale ends in 2 days. In case Shirone can't break the barrier, we should prepare our own Infinity."

Dorothy's words made sense.

"Let's conserve Scrambles starting tomorrow. We'll gather 6 and complete Infinity all at once."

"Won't the enemies just sit still?"

"It depends on Dorothy."

When Iruki turned to look, Dorothy smiled.

'She seems to have overcome her trauma.'

Shirone said.

"If I'm going to face Eden, I need to have Infinity ready. Just in case Eden gives up defense and calls Kang. Once we gather Scrambles, let's first break my hand."

Currently, Shirone had collected six cards, so to get Infinity, he needed to break his hand.

"That's also a problem. Among our allies, there's no hand higher than Shirone's Annihilation. In the end, we'd need to make another Infinity..."

Iruki stopped mid-sentence and everyone turned to look.

"What's wrong? Is there a problem?"

"Wait."

Iruki's pupils shook as fast as the speed of thought.

"Shirone, about Buddha's Four-State Explosive Strike. Tell me all the results from opening random cards so far. I can't know the results from rewinding time."

"Got it. So... on the 1st day, I tried to make Three of a Kind first, so the random card..."

"Just tell me the results."

Shirone traced his memory and recited in order.

"Black, white, white, black..."

Since he had used Buddha's Four-State Explosive Strike to keep going until he got the strongest hand, Shirone had opened several times more than others.

At that point, Iruki calculated all the hands that had been combined and broken by the 5 team members and 6 Allied Team members over 5 days.

"As expected, it's different. The probability is different."

"What are you talking about? Probability..."

Iruki held out his hand and muttered.

"Wait. Huh? This is strange. This doesn't add up."

Going back from the beginning, he finally found and corrected the error.

"I see. It resets every 24 hours. This makes it match."

"What are you talking about? You need to explain for us to understand."

Iruki looked up sharply and said.

"This is an actual card game."

"...which he would have realized by now."

At Hersy's words, Fisho asked.

"How can you be so sure? No matter how fast his calculations are, paying attention is a different matter."

"Moving Servant isn't based on intuition. While ordinary people act on the thought 'I want to do this,' Servant creates all possible actions and chooses the best one. Living the whole at every moment. Of course it's inefficient, but his thinking speed is so fast that it's indistinguishable from ordinary people. By the 5th day, he would extract meaningful data from all the previous hands."

"So starting tomorrow, they'll also manipulate probability?"

Hersy raised his index finger.

"The number of Scrambles summoned per day is 72. And the number of black and white cards is exactly half and half - 36 each. In other words, think of it as drawing hands from a deck of 72 cards."

Anchal asked.

"It's random but counting is possible?"

"Exactly. It's the same as an actual card game. There are 36 black and 36 white cards each, and someone gets black while someone gets white. The probability changes according to those numbers. For a simple example, if 36 black cards have already been revealed and you open a random card, what happens?"

"White would come out. There are no more black cards left."

"Correct. Just knowing this lets you lead the game advantageously. Like me."

"...which is what I thought when playing."

Iruki continued.

"Otherwise, there's no way to explain why Hersy kept getting advantageous hands first. Sona's search ability and probability manipulation. With this, they've been holding the initiative throughout the game."

Shirone asked.

"But even so, there are cases where you have to open random cards. You might get a bust, so it wouldn't be that easy to maintain the initiative."

"Here another rule is revealed."

Iruki flipped his palm.

"Cards from broken hands - that is, cards that lost in Kang - aren't discarded but return to random state. In other words, they're shuffled."

"...which is how it works."

Hersy gave two thumbs up.

"Let's assume 20 cards total, with Anchal holding 6 black and Fisho holding 6 white. In this state, if someone opens a random card, the probability of black or white is exactly 50 percent. But what happens if Fisho calls Kang here and breaks Anchal's hand?"

Anchal said.

"My 6 black cards would be shuffled back in."

"Right. Since there are relatively more black cards among the random cards than white, the probability of getting black increases."

"That's counting."

Hersy nodded.

"Also, hands held the previous day are unrelated to today's probability. Therefore, you manipulate probability by calling Kang to win, or deliberately breaking allied hands."

"Two assumptions come into play here."

Iruki said.

"If Hersy realized this rule on his own, he absolutely wouldn't know what I know now. Because it's probability calculated through Buddha's Four-State Explosive Strike. But if he received information from someone else, I can't guarantee it."

"What do you know?"

Iruki and Hersy spoke simultaneously.

"R's probability is divided into two types."

Iruki pointed at Shirone.

"The reason I was confused when first calculating was because in a situation where Shirone rolled random cards about 5 times in a row with Buddha's Four-State Explosive Strike, probabilities far from the average appeared. Then I remembered. Shirone had deliberately not accepted Kang at that time."

"Yeah. I could have won the Kang but deliberately didn't accept it. I wanted to break the hand and reorganize the combination."

"That was the variable. Then based on this, I realized there's another hidden rule."

"A hidden rule?"

"Cards broken in Kang battles are shuffled, but cards broken by timeout aren't shuffled. In other words, they're discarded."