[605] To Someone (3)

Liz asked back.

"What?"

"Do you know who Oscar met with?"

"Well, the branch manager..."

"His daughter joined them. They walked arm in arm and went into the house together. Are you really saying nothing comes to mind?"

It would be a lie to say nothing did.

Even though Oscar had obtained certification, given his skill level, it would have been impossible for him to get hired by the Association through special recruitment.

"You must be mistaken. The branch manager's daughter probably just joined them and escorted him."

While that interpretation was possible given the circumstances, she wasn't stupid enough to miss the subtle emotional undertones between a man and woman.

"I'm not lying. If you had seen it yourself, senior, you would have believed what I'm saying."

Liz felt ashamed.

"Stop it. Why are you doing this? Nothing will change just because you're acting like this. You know that too, don't you?"

"Why won't anything change? Oscar doesn't truly love you, senior!"

"Even if that's true, it's my problem to solve! I don't want to hear this kind of talk from you! Don't ruin even the good memories!"

"Senior..."

What kind of school days Liz and Neid had spent together was probably their secret that no one else knew, but even that was now just a good memory.

"Please leave. Meeting you seems to have been a mistake. Even if Oscar has another woman..."

Biting her lip, Liz desperately squeezed out the words.

"I will never go to you."

Feeling as if the sky was falling, Neid hung her head and left Liz's room listlessly.

"Mom! Mom!"

Neid was eight years old at the time.

When the West family's fortunes declined and they were on their way to the capital to get a loan, they were attacked by the Chickenhead bandit group.

The carriage overturned and the servants were captured by the bandits and brutally murdered without exception.

Neid's mother Teria ran toward the only remaining upright carriage, but was soon caught by the bandits.

"Kehehehe! Where do you think you're going!"

The Chickenhead bandits were all half-mad, and the one who pounced on Teria stuck out his pierced tongue.

"What a stunning beauty! From now on, you're mine!"

"Kyaaaah!"

Hearing Teria's insane screams, Neid charged at the bandits without hesitation.

"Let go of my mom!"

"Kukuku. Too bad, little one."

He thought one blow would be enough to deal with a mere eight-year-old child.

But the bandit who raised his sword saw blue electricity flying toward his solar plexus and opened his eyes wide.

"Kugh!"

As the shocked bandit flew away, the attention of everyone at the scene of slaughter focused on the young child.

"Magic? From such a little kid?"

The coachman waiting in the carriage shouted.

"Get on quickly!"

The carriage was already starting to run, and Teria and Neid chased after it with all their might.

Teria got on first, and Neid, who fell behind by a hair's breadth, became prey for the bandits.

"Mom! Mom!"

Inside the carriage speeding away, Teria's face turned pale as she watched Neid being captured by the bandits.

"Stop...!"

It was a voice that seemed to contain all of humanity's anguish.

"Stop! Stop!"

"You can't! There's no way to rescue her even if we go back! Someone has to survive and get out to request support!"

"Mooooom!"

Neid's screams echoed through the mountains.

"Hah."

On a cold dawn morning.

Crouched on the roadside looking up at the Dolphin Inn, a sigh mixed with breath puffed from Neid's mouth.

There was no one passing by, and only diligent birds were chirping in the distant forest.

"I knew this would happen."

Oscar still hadn't returned.

She didn't know if he would make excuses to Liz about the conversation running long, but to Neid, who had witnessed the scene directly, the whole situation was clear.

Of course, it would have been a difficult offer to refuse.

Having attended magic school, she knew how fiercely mages competed and how desperately they craved success.

If the headquarters manager's daughter had made advances, even someone from a non-prestigious background like him would have been swayed.

'That doesn't matter.'

Because what's most precious is different for everyone.

'Doesn't he think about the pain senior Liz will suffer?'

What angered her was Oscar's handling of the situation.

If success came before love, then what was the engagement for, and why did he bring Liz all the way here?

'There's only one reason.'

As Neid's eyes grew cold, she saw Oscar walking from far away, wearing a coat and looking exhausted.

She didn't know what pathetic excuses he would make in front of Liz, but from his carefree walking, there seemed to be no guilt.

"You seem quite busy. Running around here and there."

Oscar turned his head at the sudden confrontation from the roadside, and his eyes widened when he confirmed it was Neid.

"What? Did you wait here all night?"

"You look happy. I guess things went well with the headquarters manager?"

"Wh-what nonsense are you talking?"

Oscar was initially flustered, but like a mage, his situational judgment was quick, and anger soon showed on his face.

"Did you actually follow me? Just like a thug. You really are a disgusting guy."

"Let's talk for a moment."

Oscar snorted and turned away.

"Why should I? And I don't know what misunderstanding you have, but I only went to the headquarters manager's house for business."

"If you're that confident, I guess it would be fine to tell the truth?"

"Haha! To Liz? Go ahead. Do you think Liz would believe someone blinded by jealousy like you?"

"No. To the press room."

Oscar's expression hardened.

"If what I saw is accurate, you committed a serious crime that tarnished the kingdom's honor as a certified mage. Having a scandal with the branch manager's daughter and getting into the Association through that favoritism? What do you think would happen if this got out?"

While mages were generally selfish, certified ones who ate the nation's grain had certain moral obligations to uphold.

"...What do you want?"

"That's what I'm saying—let's talk."

Oscar confirmed there were no people around and walked toward Neid.

"Fine. Move to wherever you want."

When Neid grabbed Oscar's shoulder and cast spatial movement, there was a roar and flash of light, then the scenery changed.

It was a clearing in the forest outside Creas city, and after confirming the geography, Oscar sneered.

"Just like a thug. Did you think bringing me to a place like this would scare me? Even if you look down on a certified mage... Kgh!"

Neid's fist spun Oscar's jaw.

"You bastard!"

Fire lit in Oscar's eyes as he turned his head back, but Neid was no longer there.

Moving so fast that human nerves couldn't track him, Neid desperately tried not to lose his reason.

'Grrr!'

But as the emotions he had suppressed only for this moment were released, terrifying killing intent began to erode his mind.

"Kgh!"

With another unexpected punch from an unforeseen direction, even Oscar had no choice but to fall.

'Damn! What the hell?'

Movement more instantaneous than teleportation.

It could be flicker magic, the exclusive specialty of Unlockers, but if so, Liz would have mentioned it.

"Stop playing weird tricks and come out! You coward!"

"Who are you talking to?"

Oscar turned his head toward the voice, but absurdly, the punch came from the completely opposite direction.

As the fist lodged in his cheek, Oscar's body spun around and fell ungracefully to the ground.

All he felt was humiliation.

"Ahhhhh!"

Finally awakening to killing intent, Oscar used teleportation to create distance, then equipped his specialty flame magic in both hands.

"I'll kill you!"

Though he shouted loudly, he was frustrated to death because he couldn't see his target.

'Damn! Where the hell is he!'

Even with Spirit Zone covering a radius of dozens of meters, Neid's presence couldn't be detected.

'Is he even further away?'

Before he could finish the thought, a straight punch from a completely unexpected place sent Oscar rolling on the ground.

"Kgh!"

Spitting out blood-mixed saliva while lying prone, quiet footsteps like a cat's approached him.

"Get up."

Contrary to the words, what followed was brutal beating, and Neid's feet began trampling Oscar mercilessly as if intending to kill him.

"Ghhh!"

As Oscar curled up and groaned, Neid slowly created distance then immediately ran over and kicked his solar plexus.

"Kraak!"

Oscar flipped over and writhed, and only then did Neid push back his hair and catch his breath.

"Get up."

Being able to control the phenomenon with just this much venting was a magical achievement, but his mood was the worst ever.

"I said get up. Please. Don't make me end it here."

"You, you bastard...!"

The moment Oscar pushed against his limbs to get on all fours, Neid's foot kicked his jaw.

"Kraaak!"

"Get up."

Faced with an impossible command, Oscar's vision went dark as he crawled and leaned his back against a tree trunk.

"Just hit me. Hit me as much as you want."

There was no way to fight an opponent he couldn't even see, so there was no point in gauging the difference in skill.

"Is that your last bit of pride? At least struggle."

"Hmph. You're just annoyed with me anyway, right? Think of it as stepping on shit and vent all you want. Then get out of my life."

"I can't do that. As you know, I'm a thug."

Oscar's already pained face crumpled even more.

"What's the reason for this? What are you going to do by destroying me? Wouldn't it be good for you if I broke up with Liz?"

"Beg. Go to her and grovel. Say you were out of your mind, that you won't do it again, beg until your hands and feet are worn out."

Oscar was momentarily dazed.

"Naive fool. What do you get out of this? Do you think that kind of pure love will work? What women want are sweet lies, not worthless sincerity."

"That might be true."

Neid crouched in front of Oscar and said.

"If I had pretended to be cool, if I hadn't whined, if I had thrown around those sweet lies you mentioned, senior might have come to me."

Neid's hand gripped Oscar's throat.

"Ghhh!"

"But you know, there are people who are so precious that you can only treat them with complete sincerity."

Oscar, his airway blocked, flailed his limbs.

"You probably felt that way at first too. Her breathing was sweet, and just making eye contact made you feel like your mind would fly away. After feeling that way, you weighed her against success?"

Neid's face contorted like a monster's.

"You should have given up one of them. In those sweet lies you mentioned, in that satisfaction of winning a woman's heart... isn't there even a trace of responsibility?"

'This guy isn't in his right mind.'

Neid's eyes contained supernatural killing intent that no human should possess.

As the thought that he might actually die here became real, his mind finally began looking for an escape.

'Right, I'm certified. This is self-defense.'

His opponent was a ruffian without even a mage license, and he was the one who had been unilaterally beaten.

"Okay. I got it. I'll do what you want."

As Neid slowly backed away, Oscar rubbed his bruised throat and asked one last time.

"Do we really have to go this far? This was a life-changing bet for me too. Wouldn't it be better for both of us to just end it here?"

"That's for senior Liz to judge. Tell the truth and beg. You absolutely cannot get a job at the Magic Association."

"Hah. This is really frustrating."

Oscar hung his head as if resigned, but with his hands behind his back, he caressed the ring he wore.

'It's over once he enters the Spirit Zone.'

Certified mages who earned considerable income usually carried magical artifacts for emergencies.

"Yeah, Liz probably seems like everything in the world to you right now. But you'll understand when you get older. You're just a student so you wouldn't know, but..."

Oscar thrust out his fist.

"The adult world is ruthless."

The Lightning Thunder magic contained in the magic ring activated, and lightning struck down on Neid's head.