Final Chapter (6)

September 27th, Year 6.

It had already been six years since humanity broke free from God's law.

The absence of any official wars since the Origin was a miracle that would go down in human history.

Experts called it an obsession with purity.

"Who will commit the first crime? Which nation will produce the first criminal? That's the issue. They're reluctant to take the title of being the first villain."

A reporter asked, "So humanity hasn't matured - they just don't want to break their perfect record?"

"Humans are creatures of desire. Perhaps even now, crimes are happening in places we can't see. Certain nations might be blocking information. But I don't think it will last much longer. The moment the first evil officially appears in the world, the second and third will inevitably follow."

Three years ago, the first official murder case occurred.

The perpetrator was a 32-year-old lawyer named Ripper, and what he said to the judge in court was this:

"I wanted to be the first."

Humans are truly strange.

As the expert predicted, crimes were reported around the world, though the arrest rate remained quite high.

And so the world continued to flow.

Though it had fallen from 100 percent integrated consciousness, it hadn't fallen that far...

Into ordinary daily life.

"I'm heading out!"

Amy, who had taken off her military uniform and put on a dress for the first time in ages, stumbled at the entrance.

"Puhahaha!"

Ares burst into laughter.

"They say even falling is a talent, and you're truly perfect at it. Don't go around calling yourself a beauty."

"Shut up. This dress is just too uncomfortable."

"Just throw something on. You're ugly anyway."

"Want to die? And how long are you planning to stay home, brother? Go out and get a job!"

"Don't want to. The allowance you give me is enough."

"Is that something to say to your little sister? Ugh, whatever. I'm going out, so make sure you eat."

Even in her rush, Amy didn't forget to check the mirror and fix her hair.

Ares smiled bitterly.

"Really, me..."

He understood his sister's feelings.

Turning back to his newspaper, he read the front-page exclusive article:

"YAHWEH! Flying from the South toward Tormia! Attending his alma mater principal's wedding?!"

'Shirone.'

Folding the newspaper, he looked up at the ceiling.

"At this rate, Amy's going to cry."

The front gates of the magic school were already swarming with reporters from around the world.

"I'm dying of embarrassment!"

Today's protagonist, Vice Principal Olivia, grumbled while wearing her white wedding dress.

"Why? It's nice to be celebrated."

Alpheas, dressed in a tuxedo, remained calm.

"Are you kidding? It's already embarrassing getting married at my age, and these people aren't even here for me!"

"Hehe, it's an honor. The greatest talent our school ever produced is coming."

Even Olivia couldn't deny that.

"We're not even sure. Even if he left the South yesterday, how many countries are there in the central continent?"

The estimated time of Shirone's return from the realm of infinity to this world was three years ago.

It was only an estimate because there were no official invitations, and even acquaintances who had met him were few.

Alpheas said, "We don't know what it means to return from infinity. It might have been a vast emptiness, incomparably different from waking up from a dream."

"He hasn't lost his heart. Even now he's working with the Twelve Apostles to rebuild the world. Vincent said he's exactly the same as before."

"That's what makes it puzzling."

If there had been rumors that he had changed from before, that would be understandable...

'What did you see, Shirone?' In true nothingness.

Olina asked, "He'll stop by home, won't he?"

Currently, Shirone's birth mother Ikael was also staying at Vincent and Olina's house.

"If he's coming to Tormia, he would. He's never missed a visit."

Vincent said, "Really now. People are too much. Acting like our son has to take responsibility for the whole world."

Olina sighed. "That's what worries me more. Amy, I mean. The way those two used to act like they couldn't live without each other."

"Perhaps..."

Ikael thought:

"Everything would have returned to nothingness. Dreams, delusions, even his heart. It takes time for all of that to be filled again. But he'll eventually reclaim it. The most important reason he needs to be in this world."

Just as Guffin had sent Hexa for Ikael.

The South.

"Move those materials to the empty lot. The warehouse here is full and there's no room."

Kang Nan, who had returned to her hometown, was in the midst of rebuilding Southern civilization.

"Mister! If you cross over there...!"

In the chaos of the construction site, she saw a familiar face.

"Huh?"

Sain approached with a smile.

"Wow! It's really been a long time! Has it been a year? What brings you all the way to the South?"

"Something came up. Thought I'd see your face."

Moving to a quiet vacant lot, the two sat on timber and drank beverages.

Sain asked, "Shirone?"

"Yeah, he left last night. Blitz said he'd take him, so he should make it on time."

"Has he decided?"

"I don't know. I can't read what he's thinking. But agreeing to go to the wedding must mean he wants to meet her."

"I see."

Sain asked again, "How about you? Are you okay?"

Kang Nan understood the meaning of the question.

"Me? I'm fine. Gaold isn't suffering anymore. What could be more reassuring than that? What about you? Do you keep in touch with Miss Miro?"

"No. Not that I'm avoiding her though. Miro is living her own life for the first time. Not as Gageuk protecting someone, but as one woman. I don't want her to be responsible for anything, at least for now."

"Well..."

In the end, the hearts of those who watch seemed to be the same.

"She must be having a wonderful love life."

Sain smiled. "Probably."

Miro said, "Go."

Gaold said, "Not going."

Miro said, "Go!"

Gaold said, "I said I'm not going, damn it! Why are there so many events? Now I understand Shirone."

As key figures in world peace, the two were traveling between countries attending various events.

"But they're paying a lot for this event. We don't have a penny saved up!"

"Don't get too caught up in worldly matters."

"Worldly matters, my foot. This is all because you caused so much trouble. Just what did you do in your life that the Magic Association won't take you?"

Gaold responded cheekily, "I was busy rescuing you."

"Ugh, really!"

Furious, Miro flailed her arms and repeatedly hit Gaold's ribs.

"Ow! My bones! You hit my bones... Ow!"

Miro sighed as he grimaced and collapsed on the bed.

"What kind of man is such a crybaby? Your body is wasted on you. Why do you even work out?"

"Hehe, you know why."

Gaold turned over and spread his arms with a wink.

"You still have energy?" After thinking for a moment, Miro glanced at the clock.

"Exactly 30 minutes."

"Amy!"

Upon arriving at Alpheas Magic School where the wedding was being held, she saw a welcome face.

"Tes! Ceriel!"

Ryan and Fermi were following behind them.

Tes said, "It's really been a long time! Sorry. I've been swamped with promotion exams lately. How have you been?"

"Haha! Me too. Are you here for the wedding?"

Even if not Ceriel and Fermi, Ryan and Tes had no connection to the magic school.

"Of course! They say Shirone is coming! Just let him show up. I'll give him a good beating."

"Come on, it's just a rumor." Though she pretended otherwise, her anticipation was obvious.

Arriving at the venue, she could meet familiar faces among the countless crowd.

Canis and Arin, Maya and Cayden, Dante and Flu were all waiting in the guest seats.

And...

"Amy!"

Always bringing joy, but also somehow too reminiscent of someone.

"Iruki! Nade!"

Two of the three idiots approached.

Seeing the child in Nade's arms, Amy's eyes widened as she asked, "Could it be?"

"Haha! That's right. She finally came into the world. Daisy, say hello. This is Aunt Amy."

Amy giggled, "Daisy? A daughter?"

"Yeah. She's pretty, isn't she? Actually, she was just born so I'm not really sure yet."

Iruki said, "The odds are fifty-fifty. If she wants to take after Liz, she'll have to fight a fierce battle with herself."

"Very funny. If my daughter needs a fierce struggle, then what about you?"

Amy smiled. 'Still the same.'

As the rehearsal began, reporters gathered.

"There are so many."

Knowing who they were waiting for, Amy's heart began to race too.

A shadow fell over the outdoor garden.

"Oh, that, that's..."

A massive dragon emitting blue light glided through the sky and landed at a distance.

Then came someone's voice:

"Thank you, Blitz."

Blitz bowed respectfully and flew away again, revealing a hooded figure from behind.

Shirone turned around with a smiling face.

"Wow."

The reporters' flashes went off like crazy, and tears welled up in Nade's eyes.

"Shi..."

Friends ran toward him simultaneously.

"Shirone!"

"Haha! How have you been?"

"You bastard! What's kept you so busy? You should have at least written a letter."

"Sorry. The circumstances... Huh?"

Shirone's face lit up completely.

"Nade! You?"

"That's right! How about it? I created before you did. Daisy, this is Uncle Shirone."

"Hello?"

When Shirone lifted her high, Daisy grinned.

"Haha! She seems to like you! As expected of my daughter, she has a good eye for people."

While everyone was talking to him, Amy watched from a distance.

'What's this? I thought something big had happened.'

He's exactly the same.

Feeling somewhat disappointed, Amy turned away when Tes approached Shirone.

"What are you doing? Go to Amy quickly. You didn't lose your memory in that infinity thing, did you?"

Shirone could only smile bitterly.

The school had to escort the reporters out, so the wedding was delayed slightly from schedule.

At the interview session, Olivia spoke about Erina, who had been separated from Alpheas by death.

Her gratitude toward her, feelings of guilt, responsibilities she would carry until the last moment of her life.

Alpheas briefly added:

"That's love in old age."

The guests burst into laughter, and the wedding concluded amid people's blessings.

And at the reception, Shirone met Amy for the first time in six years.

"Amy."

As if by arrangement, the hall fell silent and everyone turned to look at them.

"It's been a long time."

"Hmph, now you show up? Did you know that this wedding felt longer than the six years I waited for you?"

"I'm sorry. I needed time to be certain. Whether my thoughts, these feelings, were really right."

Amy asked with a pitying expression, "What happened to you?"

"In the world of infinity..."

Shirone was silent for a long while, but people waited without even making a sound.

"I don't exist. Because I don't exist, nothing exists, and there's no way to explain it. I remained in that state of non-existence. No time, no space, nothing at all."

People shuddered.

"That must be a very frightening state. But since even the thought of fear doesn't exist, it would be perfect nothingness. Then... at some moment, I exist in this world."

"I see."

What must Shirone's heart have felt like, realizing he had been in nothingness only after existing again?

"Even now I don't know. What happened there that brought me here. I guess it was to meet you, but I had to be certain. Otherwise, I would be buried in the terror of that vast nothingness and lose the meaning of existence. So..."

"You traveled the world?"

Shirone nodded.

"I finished all the work - helping humanity, caring for family, realizing my ideals. One by one, I eliminated them all. To meet you."

That's how he had spent that time.

"And now I can be certain. The reason I returned from the world of infinity is..."

Shirone gathered his courage and said:

"I love you."

The delusions that had wandered in the eternal world without time, space, or even the existence of self.

"You are..."

In this moment became perfect certainty, bringing a smile to his face.

"You are my infinity."

In the scenery where the world seemed to stop, Amy's sobbing could be heard.

"Sniff. Sniff."

Tes watched gently as she wiped away tears with both hands and nodded.

'How wonderful for you, Amy.'

As everyone watched warmly, Nade clapped and said:

"Come on, come on! Let's record this moment. Anyway, the next time we gather for Iruki's wedding probably won't come."

"Puhahaha!"

Friends gathered one by one, and the optical camera that had photographed the wedding was set up.

Amy, who had finally regained her smile, looked back at Shirone and ran to her friends.

"I want to be in the photo too."

"Great. You stand in the center. Fermi, you go over there. Shirone, what are you doing? Come quickly."

"Right."

Looking at the baby laughing between her parents, Shirone thought:

'We will.'

Someday travel to the stars.

"When I say one, two, three, we'll say 'Daisy' and take the photo. You know, right?"

We will discover what is truly important in the secrets of the stars.

"Got it. Ugh, it's cramped. Hurry up."

The day we overcome discrimination and conflict to achieve an integrated consciousness system.

"Alright, gather around. Taking the photo."

We will be dreaming of another universe at the edge of the universe.

"Starting now. One, two, three!"

Thus we are endlessly, eternally

"Dai-sy!"

Infinite.

Thank you for loving "The Infinite Wizard"