The Day of Decision (3)

"How annoying."

While everyone was captivated by Arganeth, only one woman voiced her displeasure aloud.

It was Teria, Ned's mother.

"What's she so smug about, laughing like that when she's living in luxury just because she married well?"

Her pathetic husband Ballroom tried to stop her.

"Enough. The other nobles will hear you."

"So what? At least you know it's embarrassing, right? Ugh, what sins did I commit in my past life to live like this? That woman lives plastered in money."

Ballroom's face turned red.

"Please restrain yourself today. It's the day Ned takes his exam."

"If our child was at least competent, we wouldn't be living like this. And the tuition fees are so expensive too. If he doesn't pass today, I should get him a job at some factory..."

"Stop it!"

When Ballroom, having reached his limit of patience, shouted, the surrounding nobles turned to look, but Teria, who had nothing but malice left in her, didn't even blink.

"What have you done right to raise your voice? Do you think there's any man here who earns less than you? If you want to shout, earn at least a penny first!"

Ballroom just shut his mouth.

No matter what he said, nothing good would come from Teria.

"Oh my, it looks like that couple over there is fighting."

Isis, Amy's mother, said while linking arms with her husband Shakora.

"They might be sensitive. It's the day their child takes the exam. Let's just pretend we don't notice."

Isis sensed tension in her husband's voice.

"Are you okay? Your face looks stiff. Are you anxious because you think Amy might fail?"

"If she fails, she fails. That would just mean her abilities are only that much. I'm just worried. Amy must be having the hardest time right now."

The Carmis red eyes were a special talent that others envied, but facing this situation made him feel bad for putting unnecessary pressure on his daughter.

"It's been a while, Shakora."

Albino, Iruki's father, approached with Arganeth.

"Yes. Have you been well?"

When Shakora politely bowed his head, Albino looked at Arganeth and said:

"Allow me to introduce you. This is Shakora of the Carmis family, and his wife Isis."

Arganeth smiled beautifully and curtsied.

"I've heard of your reputation. I'm Arganeth."

"Hohoho! Of course I know you. You're the world's most famous actress. Please give me your autograph later!"

Shakora coughed awkwardly, embarrassed.

"I'm sorry. My wife has such a cheerful personality."

"Oh no, not at all. I'm also a fan of Isis. I was so sad when you retired so early."

Albino changed the subject.

"How is Amy? Does her preparation seem to be going well?"

"From what I observed during the vacation, she seems to have reached her target level. But you never know the results."

"Haha, you're being too modest. She's a Carmis, after all."

"How about Iruki? I heard he has tremendous talent."

"That kid is hopeless. He'll probably do all sorts of stupid things by himself and fall out on his own. I came rushing from the capital to make fun of him if he fails."

Arganeth puffed out her cheeks.

"What's wrong with our son? If he had inherited just my face, he'd be the world's greatest man. Really, the Mercodian genes are just too strong."

No one would think of Arganeth when looking at Iruki.

"By the way..."

Albino looked around.

"I wonder if Shirone's parents have arrived?"

"Ah, you know Shirone."

"Of course I do. The only time Iruki talks to me is when he's talking about Shirone. It made me reconsider my son's sexual orientation."

"Ah, that's probably not it. It's a bit awkward to say this, but our daughter seems to have her eye on Shirone."

"Dear, that's not even certain..."

"Ho, hearing that makes me even more curious. I wonder who this boy is that captured the heart of the Carmis family's youngest daughter."

Shakora turned his gaze to look for the Ozent family.

"I heard Shirone is a commoner receiving sponsorship. That woman over there is Reina, the third daughter of the Ozent family."

The four people spotted Reina, but couldn't find anyone who looked like Shirone's parents.

"Ugh! Really, why are they so late?"

Just as Reina was checking the time and stamping her feet, an Ozent family carriage arrived in the distance.

When Butler Temuran opened the door, Vincent and Olina appeared.

Seeing the crowd of nobles, their faces went pale, and Reina approached them.

"Welcome, Father. Fortunately, you're not late."

"Thank you for inviting us. But are we really supposed to be here..."

"What are you saying? Of course you should come when Shirone is taking his graduation exam. The participants will be entering soon."

A sleepy voice came from inside the carriage.

"Huh? We're already here."

Reina glared and shouted.

"Hey! When did you go to escort the parents, and you're only coming now? Shirone almost went in without being able to see them!"

"Anyway, I made it on time. Really, the nagging is..."

Rian got out with a great sword strapped to his back.

With blue hair, blade-sharp eyes, and a perfectly trained body, he had an aura that overwhelmed people just by looking at him.

'Shirone...'

Rian looked up at the top of the colosseum that would determine Shirone's future.

'You really made it.'

The feeling of a situation that was unimaginable when he made his knight's oath becoming reality was thrilling.

"Huh? That great sword the young man is carrying, isn't that from the Ozent family? It looks like the youngest son Rian has come."

"They call him the Swordsman of Maha. He seems to be getting quite a bit of attention among swordsmen."

When the nobles recognized Rian, Reina quietly bent the finger she had been pointing with.

"Well, you did work hard, there are even people who recognize you."

When he first said he was leaving on a knight's journey, she really thought she was sending away a brother.

"I don't care about reputation. If it wasn't for Shirone's graduation exam, I wouldn't have even come home."

"This guy! I was nice to you and now you're looking down on family!"

Reina kicked Rian's thigh, but it felt like hitting a rock.

"Ow! Are you wearing armor under your pants?"

Rian looked at her pitifully.

"When is my sister going to grow up? You need to control your temper. Who's going to take you like this?"

Tears welled up in Reina's eyes as she rubbed her toes.

'Now he's trying to overpower his sister with strength. This is so sad, really.'

The good old days of grabbing the youngest's ear and bossing him around seemed to be over.

"So you're planning to leave again after the graduation exam?"

"I have to leave. My life is just beginning now."

"So busy. Where are you going this time?"

"Obviously..."

Rian looked toward the school and smiled.

"Wherever Shirone goes."

A loud bell rang in the dormitory corridor.

"The graduation exam will begin shortly. Participants, please go to the colosseum."

"Huuuuuu!"

Shirone's eyes snapped open as he sat cross-legged.

Though he had stayed up all night, his mind was the clearest it had been all year.

The mental strength he had consciously and unconsciously cultivated in preparation for today had reached its peak.

'It begins!'

Shirone jumped up as if he would never return and went out into the corridor.

That's how complete his resolve was.

At the same time, students poured out from all directions.

Iruki and Ned walked down the corridor and nodded to Shirone.

They were friends he wouldn't trade for anything in the world, but for now, there should be no conversation.

"Look, the graduating seniors are coming!"

When they arrived at the colosseum, parents who wanted to capture the majesty of their proud sons and daughters in their eyes crowded around.

"Mother, there's Shirone coming."

"Huhuuk!"

When Olina started crying as soon as she saw her son, the one who was actually flustered was Reina.

"Mother, what's wrong? The exam hasn't even started yet."

"I... I don't know. The tears just..."

It was too complex a feeling to explain.

"Please hold back a little. Shirone shouldn't have his heart weakened."

Olina hastily wiped her tears and pressed her lips firmly together.

'Mother. Father.'

Shirone looked at his family waiting at the south gate.

'Sister Reina. And...'

Rian stood there, reliably protecting them.

'You came back.'

With his mind in a perfect state free of any distracting thoughts, Shirone's head was performing only factual judgments.

When he turned his head with a cold expression and entered the colosseum, Rian's lips curved upward.

"He's properly prepared."

Reina had the same thought.

Even when he was humiliated in the Kazura Kingdom, he still seemed childish, but the look in his eyes just now was no different from that of the official mages she encountered in society.

"Parents observing, please enter through the east gate! Advanced class students, the west gate!"

Following the guide's directions, the crowd gathered in front of the colosseum was instantly sucked into the building.

The participants who arrived in the waiting room were relieving tension in their own ways, and not a single word was spoken.

"Huuuuu."

Shirone also put on the 2000th bracelet he received from the staff and waited for the time to come while taking deep breaths.

'It's been a while since the 2000th.'

The large colosseum built according to Red Line specifications had state-of-the-art 2000th equipment installed with 100 percent synchronization rate.

The magic power coefficient precisely delivering mental shock was no different from actual combat.

Nevertheless, the reason for using the 2000th system was that participants' conditions could be confirmed numerically, physical losses could be minimized even while deadly magic was exchanged, and above all, for the safety of the spectators.

"You will enter the colosseum in 10 minutes."

Hearing the guide's words, an unprecedented kind of excitement churned in his stomach.

The 10 minutes passed at the fastest speed of his life, and the door to the colosseum opened.

'Let's go.'

Shirone, participant number 27, was at the back of the line, but just from the cheering that the front received, he could tell this was a different world.

"Please give them all a round of applause! These are the proud students of Alpheas Magic School!"

"Waaaaaaah!"

It was like a downpour of sound.

The atmosphere shimmered golden under the sun, and the countless people in the stands were indistinguishable, all mixed together.

"Everyone rise!"

When the students lined up in a row, Principal Alpheas took the podium.

"I pay my respects to everyone who has reached this point."

While the opening ceremony proceeded, Shirone looked around the stands.

Advanced class students and parents were seated, teachers sat on the opposite side, and in the independently separated VIP section sat scouts from countries around the world.

'So this is the graduation exam.'

The six categories evaluated in the graduation exam were personal combat, special attack, territory occupation, magic operation, tactics and strategy, and survival endurance. Special attack and magic operation were non-combat categories, while the other four were combat categories.

The 4 to 2 ratio showed that Red Line placed slightly more weight on combat ability when evaluating mages.

After Olivia's explanation ended, the final ceremony of oath recitation finally began.

"One! We are children of intelligence! One! We will never give up in any situation!"

In the peak of exhilaration, Shirone couldn't even hear his own voice.

'Finally! Finally!'

The journey from when he climbed over the wall of Alpheas Magic School at around twelve years old to today flashed by like a revolving lantern.

"We will now begin the graduation exam!"

Thirty students took positions in a circle along the inner wall of the colosseum, spaced 15 meters apart.

A massive hologram completely covering the sky displayed the six categories in a roulette, and the central pointer began spinning rapidly.

From the moment the category was decided, the 2000th would activate, and Shirone prepared to enter the Spirit Zone while developing sequence formulas at the fastest speed ever.

'Personal combat. Special attack. Territory occupation...'

After tracking the categories with his eyes, the pointer finally stopped.

"Uwaaaaaaah!"

Cheers shook the colosseum, and as if a switch had been turned on, the eyes of everyone including Shirone blazed with the light of predators.

'It begins!'

Alpheas Magic School graduation exam first evaluation category.

Survival Endurance (Enemy Annihilation).