The Unconnected Sin (1)

The army of hell that had occupied the Denan Plains advanced toward Tormia at a rapid pace.

Havitz was at the center, with the Four Gustav Knights following closely behind on horseback.

"Let's go! Let's go!"

Zetaro stripped off his pants and underwear, standing on his saddle as he rode, showing off his acrobatic skills.

"Did you see that? This is true artistry!"

Natasha asked, "But why did you take off everything below?"

"Center of gravity."

Natasha, lost in thought, silently turned her head away, while Smodo chuckled.

Zetaro, who had been watching Havitz's back, grew dejected.

'He hasn't been laughing at all lately.'

Such trivial pranks weren't enough to satisfy him when a massive event awaited.

Balkan's expression wasn't good either.

'He's completely hooked. There's no stopping him now.'

This was why he couldn't intervene even though he knew the Tormia infantry were using diversionary tactics through crowd psychology.

'The troop losses were too great.'

The damage inflicted by Son Yu-jeong at the Abyss Cliff amounted to 30 percent of their total forces.

He had no choice but to take responsibility, and ultimately the right to speak passed to Paimon, the demon army's strategist.

'It was my mistake anyway. But...'

Since being hit by Son Yu-jeong's Breakthrough, one thought hadn't left his mind.

'What if the Holy War is aiming for this? In other words, if they plan to strike us with something equivalent to Breakthrough... it wouldn't just be a 30 percent loss.'

'Complete annihilation.'

If the demons' total destruction could be guaranteed, the Holy War would gladly sacrifice their own allies too.

'That possibility, no, it's certain. I don't know what method they'll use, but they're definitely aiming for it.'

They intended to die together.

'Crazy bastard.'

While Balkan wasn't originally sane, the Holy War's strategists were also going insane.

'And even now, that guy's mind is working.'

The situation of pursuing the Tormia army was also part of the enemy strategist's design.

'It's dangerous. I want to change our route.'

It would probably be impossible.

The strategy Paimon proposed was so destructive that only she could have conceived it.

'If the demon realm opens, Paimon will also perish.'

It was typical of demons to willingly accept extinction in exchange for enormous pleasure.

'Havitz is the same.'

Natasha asked, "What's wrong, Balkan? Is there some problem?"

"No, I have a strategic suggestion, but I don't think Havitz will listen."

"Hmm."

She scratched her chin and said, "Still, wouldn't it be better to let him know? The choice is Havitz's to make anyway."

"You're right."

Judging it made sense, Balkan spurred his horse's flanks and approached Havitz.

"Havitz, I have something to tell you..."

Balkan's mouth closed.

He saw Havitz rubbing his right eyelid until his skin turned red.

"What's wrong?"

"There's a bug in my eye."

"A bug?"

As if a fly was trapped in his pupil, it flew around Havitz's field of vision.

Havitz turned his head and asked, "What did you want to say?"

Unable to see anything in his eyes, Balkan came to his senses and spoke.

"Ah, I wanted to change our route. It seems like the enemy is luring us."

"I know."

Havitz scratched his eye until it bled.

"It doesn't matter anyway. There are humans there too. We're not going to win. We're going to kill."

Though it was an extremely evil philosophy...

"Let me be clear - we might be completely annihilated if we're not careful. It's that serious."

"Whatever happens."

Havitz rolled up his bleeding eye and twisted his lips into an evil grin.

"I won't die anyway."

Havitz raised both hands and gouged out the eyes of the white horse he was riding with his fingers.

Kiheeheheng!

As the beast's scream erupted, Satan's incarnation technique Vanishing activated.

"Hiya! Hiya!"

As if it had been blind from the start, the horse powerfully kicked the ground and charged forward.

When its legs got tangled and it collapsed, Havitz was thrown off and rolled on the ground.

"Kahahahaha! Kahahahaha!"

= = = = = = = 1

Countless legs passed by him, but none touched his body.

'Death events don't occur.'

That's how it should be perfect.

'If this world is one illusion—'

A fly stuck to the inside of rolling Havitz's retina and revealed grotesque teeth.

"I am the greatest illusion!"

As he released Vanishing and extended his arm, a demon grabbed his hand and put him back on a horse.

"Let's go, to steal everything!"

Havitz's voice from the rear was vividly transmitted to the Four Gustav Knights.

Royal Castle Creta. On the classified basement fourth floor, National Intelligence Service staff were handling intelligence.

A classified meeting was held in the so-called 'Dark Room,' accessible only to those with Code Black clearance.

"Phew."

Dante sat with his legs spread on a box placed against the wall, exhaling cigarette smoke slowly.

Though it was called the Dark Room, there was lighting.

However, no light reached his face, which was shrouded in heavy darkness.

Sion's sorceress Lilia snapped at him.

"Why are you putting on such airs? Does that make your ugly face look handsome?"

Though they were comfortable with each other, having once sealed the Ice Queen together, today's atmosphere was different.

When Dante raised his cold gaze, she flinched and quietly turned her head.

"No, I just thought your expression was too serious..."

Lilia's brow furrowed.

"Wait a minute. This bastard, I was being nice to him and now he's getting cocky?"

Eden, a monk from the Holy War, intervened.

"Don't fight. We don't have time for this. Why is he so late anyway?"

Armin said, "If he can't make it on time, we'll have to proceed with this team."

While Sein nodded in agreement, Quan showed no emotion.

"I've arrived."

The door opened and Mayray entered.

"Sorry I'm late."

She had a pale face with black bobbed hair, wearing a dress that couldn't hide her gaunt body.

Armin said, "I heard from Dante. You supported the Holy War's elemental bomb project."

Her role was to identify those who leaked classified information using the ability of the Great Purifier's Ear.

"Yes. It's not finished yet, but I'm just a receiver so it won't interfere with the mission. And the reason we're gathered here is as important as the elemental bomb."

Quan muttered, "Havitz assassination."

The briefly relaxed atmosphere grew heavy again, and Dante slowly stood up.

"Since we don't have time, let's keep the briefing short."

Six pairs of eyes focused on him.

"Information is still lacking, but humanity estimates three major characteristics of Extreme Evil."

Dante held up three fingers.

"First, predetermined future. Among all probabilities that can occur through natural law, he's furthest from death. Second, absence of events. His incarnation technique seems to deny the recognition of existence. Third, prison of time."

This information was classified because it came through alumni channels rather than official Tormia channels.

"According to Sirone, there are specific time periods within the concept of time where natural law cannot penetrate. Though it's only an instant, no phenomena can occur during that moment."

Lilia said, "So basically he's disconnected from all natural laws related to future, present, past, and himself. He's just invincible?"

"Right. Previously, a prosecutor named Lian slightly doubted the absence of events. It was almost the only case."

The Knight of Maha.

"And he cut through the entire radius. There was absolutely no way to escape, but he couldn't kill Havitz. Only twelve black marks remained. Sirone called it Shi-ok."

Quan reacted.

"Lian... couldn't cut him?"

Quan knew best the power contained in that brute's single sword strike.

"Yes. He's not an opponent to be subdued by force. That's why we need everyone's help."

This was a project designed from when Sion's executives came to Tormia under Miro's orders.

"First, Armin's Stop magic."

It makes many things possible.

"With time stopped, we'll infiltrate the center of hell's army and approach Havitz."

Dante looked at Lilia.

"Then you'll use natural law to separate Havitz from the battle line. You can connect spaces, right?"

"Of course. But will that really work?"

Satan exists outside natural law.

"It's possible with a Totemist. You can set traps in spaces that aren't Satan."

Dante continued his explanation.

"Once we separate Havitz, it's full combat. First, the predetermined future. We think Sein's Iron Wheel Eye can offset this. Also, Sein will handle battle command."

He was the world's greatest Order.

"Second is absence of events. We'll counter this with Mayray's ear. We'll also use the object <Nemesis> that was effective in the La Enemy operation. We'll share sound."

Lilia smacked her lips.

"So we have to fight just by listening to sounds. Well, I guess we should be grateful even for that?"

"It's different from the La Enemy case. Only Mayray, or rather Teraforce, can perceive Havitz."

Mayray stepped forward.

"To be precise, among waves, it's quantum codes - listening to hearts. I can't hear photon codes or sounds. Havitz's inner waves will be transmitted to me. I confirmed this with the Chief Justice."

"Right, Teraforce has distinguished good and evil based on human hearts before. Looking at that, the sound of hearts must be different from thoughts?"

"Yes. It's waves that represent the entirety of an individual. You could call it the genetics of the heart. If we analyze specific sections of the signal, we can know where Havitz will move. The problem is manipulating the waves - I think it's impossible, but if it's Satan..."

Dante continued the explanation.

"Including such cases, Eden will protect the combatants. Your role is to prevent Havitz from making surprise attacks."

"Got it. Then what's left is the prison of time."

"Right, it's quite tricky. Stop won't work. Once Shi-ok activates, we can't perceive it anymore. But thinking conversely, it could be an opportunity."

Dante raised his index finger.

"It's ultimately a defensive ability. You can't attack with Shi-ok. So we just need to strike first before it activates."

"Before it activates? Is that possible?"

"Normally impossible. Shi-ok is instantaneous. The only way would be..."

Dante looked at someone in the corner.

"Clown Pierrot."

The asymmetric martial art that escaped an opponent's perception had certainly transcended technique to reach the depths of natural law.

Quan remained silent.

"The key is to behead Havitz before he can activate Shi-ok. It's the most important role. Can you do it?"

Spear first, or shield first?

"...This is absurd."

While everyone waited for an answer, Quan smiled coldly and said, "Don't think I'm the same as that stupid disciple."