At the Edge of the Cliff (3)

The Holy War's army, 700,000 Valkyrie troops, had established defensive walls along the borders of Zive, Molton, and Bornai.

These three kingdoms were the gateway to the central continent, and if even one fell, Hell's army would continue its southern advance, eventually seizing control of the planet's largest continent entirely.

'Even adding the forces contributed by each nation, we only have 2 million. Compared to Hell's army, it's woefully insufficient.'

Amy, a member of the 2nd Valkyrie Corps, was currently preparing to face the enemy at the Molton Kingdom's border.

'Can we hold them back?'

According to intelligence reports, Hell's main force of 10 million was heading toward Kashan's capital.

But the remaining 40 million were spreading out in a fan formation, endlessly moving south, set to reach the border within 48 hours.

Amy gazed at the desert horizon shimmering with moonlight.

With the Holy War facing its worst battle yet, it wasn't strange that Shirone came to mind.

'I wonder how he's doing?'

From the Valkyrie Military Academy to becoming a battalion commander of the magic corps - she had undergone grueling training.

The noble cause of serving the world had gradually faded amid the agony of training that felt like death.

Even so, the reason she could endure was to become stronger and meet Shirone.

'You must be beyond that horizon.' If she could break through the 40 million army currently advancing south at terrifying speed, Shirone would be there.

"You seem deep in thought." At the voice, she turned to see 2nd Corps Commander Rude Garcia approaching with his hands clasped behind his back.

"Salute!"

Amy hastily saluted, but Garcia didn't return it and instead looked toward the horizon.

Understanding what this meant, Amy lowered her hand and spoke in a quiet voice.

"Master."

The world's greatest flame mage.

The reason he had taken Amy as his disciple was to repay a debt to Shirone from South Eymond.

'It's a miracle we've made it this far.' But now Garcia's view of Amy had changed greatly from the beginning.

Since the cadets' resistance was considerable, Garcia allowed anyone who wished to study under him.

And after about six months, Amy was the only one left by Garcia's side.

'I thought if I could just preserve my life in this hell, going mad would be fine.'

Amy had parents, siblings, friends, and lovers, but Garcia was the one who had seen her true depths.

He had seen everything about Amy.

Her raw, primitive, animalistic nature where reason had no place to interfere.

'She's a strong child.'

He recalled when Amy, unable to control her flames, collapsed in the mud with smoke rising from her body.

Her training uniform had burned away instantly, and she writhed like an insect with her hands between her legs.

Garcia had tried to give up on her.

"Do you still have shame left? If you have energy for that, think about recovering. If you lose consciousness here, you'll die."

"Haa. Haaa."

When Garcia approached, Amy instinctively writhed and moved away.

"There's nowhere to run. One more step remains. If you can't control the flames, this time your life will burn away."

"Sob! Huub sob!"

Garcia, who had ignited ultra-high temperature flames, heard Amy's weeping voice.

'Shirone, am I doing well?'

What he learned from their interview was that Amy also wanted to become stronger to meet Shirone.

'I don't quite understand. But one thing is certain - in this state, you can never meet him.' Only a very few in the world could handle the hell of the present world on their own.

'For your sake, I should save this child, but...'

Now Amy was special to him too.

Because she had endured extreme training that even he considered impossible for nearly a year.

'Just once more. If she can overcome just once more...'

He thought he had no choice but to kill her.

"I'm sorry. Die."

Just as his flame-wreathed hand pointed forward, Amy spoke through her sobs.

"Shirone. Shirone..."

The reason Garcia didn't throw the flames was his final mercy, since he truly intended to kill her.

"Do you want to meet him? If you're dreaming of a final reunion before death, I'll stop here."

Because if she was already broken, it would just be murder.

"I will... meet Shirone."

Amy staggered to her feet.

"I will definitely meet him."

Red flames blazed intensely, instantly evaporating the tears in her eyes.

Garcia, watching this, extended his hand.

"Hellfire."

A massive flame exploded in the training ground and instantly died down.

Garcia looked at Amy again.

Though she had seemed childish when entering the academy, she had somehow transformed into a woman.

'I can understand why the barracks was turned upside down.'

Not only her natural beauty, but the dignified aura she gained from passing through hellish training stimulated men's curiosity.

"You're quite popular, aren't you."

Amy smiled brightly.

"Haha! It's the army, so that's how it is. They'd like anyone just for wearing a skirt."

Garcia chuckled.

"Right, that must be tough."

Her relatively low rank was probably another reason subordinates could approach her familiarly.

'I don't know how many will die in this war. Depending on military achievements, ranks will rise vertically.'

Of course, that was assuming they could hold back Hell's army.

"But Master, what brings you here...?"

"I thought you might be here. Were you longing for someone beyond the horizon?"

Amy's face reddened.

"Ah, that's..."

"You might be able to meet them. If we win this war."

Her eyes sparkled.

"Be proud. Think of what you've accomplished so far, no matter the situation."

Due to the large gap in command hierarchy, this might be Garcia's last time seeing Amy.

"Yes. We will win."

When Garcia patted her head with affectionate eyes, Amy smiled too.

"Oh, and it will be announced tomorrow, but your unit will receive new military equipment. It's a trial run, so give it a try."

"New military equipment?"

"The Holy War changed suppliers, I hear. It's a new company that mainly deals with magical weapons."

Amy frowned.

"But changing equipment right before war is..."

"Unusual, yes. But it also means the performance is that good. Make sure to properly inform your subordinates."

Performance was fine, but usually it was collusion between politicians and businessmen.

"What's this new company called?"

"Nade Military, I believe. Come to think of it, your homeland was Tormia too. It seems to be a company from there."

"Nade? Nade Military?"

"Why? Do you know it?"

"Ah, well... I thought it might be someone I know."

"Since they're a mage, that's possible. They say the president is very young. Probably around your age."

Amy couldn't shake the thought that it was the Nade she knew.

'That guy is making war weapons?'

It didn't seem like his personality, but considering the special nature of war with demons, it made sense.

Also, if performance was proven, it would grow incomparably faster than other businesses.

'He really is smart.'

Of course, he wasn't just in it for money.

With Iruki active in the Holy War's military department, he too was fighting fiercely.

'To meet Shirone.'

She wasn't fighting alone.

Seeing Amy's smile, Garcia turned away satisfied.

"Make sure to survive, Amy."

"Yes. You too, Master."

A document grandly titled "Resolution" was distributed to the soldiers under the magic corps of the 2nd Valkyrie Corps.

It was the division commander's order to write their wishes before war to increase their will to survive.

The intention was good, but for the rank-and-file soldiers, it was just a tiresome event - they'd rather use that time for more sleep.

"Damn! We might die soon, what wishes? They should have us write wills instead."

"Well, we have to do what we're told. They say units that write good resolutions get to attend special morale performances."

"Bullshit. Would famous beauties come to a battlefield like this? Besides, whoever comes doesn't matter. Our battalion commander is the best anyway."

All the mages of the 2nd Company, Amy's direct unit, agreed in silence.

"Heh, right. A wish. If there's something I want to do before dying, there's exactly one thing."

Corporal Berik scribbled something on his resolution.

"Pitch a tent with our battalion commander and all night long..."

The comrade next to him read what Berik was writing and his eyes widened.

"You crazy bastard! If you write stuff like this, it's the stockade! What if the officers read it?"

"I'll just write it and throw it away. Damn! If we can't even write this, what kind of resolution is it?"

"Well..."

The company, at the extreme of tension before war, became noisy over Berik's single resolution.

"Puahahaha! This could be published! Sergeant, read what Berik wrote!"

The resolution went around and came back to Berik, and at that moment the tent flap opened.

"Company, attention!"

They instinctively straightened up, but the members' faces turned pale seeing Amy's face.

'Damn, we're completely screwed.'

Amy looked around at the members and said,

"Why so fun? Did something good happen?"

The squad leader hastily shouted,

"Nothing happened!"

"What do you mean nothing? Looks like you were writing resolutions. What kind of wish is it?"

Amy entered, looking around at the resolutions placed in front of the members.

Only Berik hastily crumpled up his resolution, threw it behind his buttocks, and was breaking out in cold sweat.

"What is it? Let me see too."

"It's nothing."

Berik shook his head desperately, but that only stimulated more curiosity.

Amy chuckled.

"Are you discriminating because I'm a female officer? That's a bit hurtful." She could roughly guess what the men's jokes were about.

"No! Absolutely not that! Battalion Commander, please believe me."

"Alright. I'll read it considering it's a joke. Give it here."

Berik, having no choice but to follow the commander's order, handed over the crumpled resolution.

The veteran warrior's hands were trembling.

"Hmm, let's see. Some wish about the battalion commander and..."

Amy's face gradually reddened as she read down the resolution.

The members, watching their superior's reaction, turned away with frightened expressions.

"Phew."

Amy sighed and glared at Berik with narrowed eyes.

Berik's shoulders shook.

'Just kill me! I'm going crazy from embarrassment!'

The stockade?

With insubordination plus sexual harassment, he might face worse punishment.

"Well, imagination is free."

When Amy rolled up the resolution and held it out, Berik looked up with a moved expression.

"Battalion Commander..."

"I'm letting it slide because it's a joke. Corporal, even if it's a wish, write something realistic."

The relaxed members burst into laughter.

"Sorry, hehe."

Just as he reached for the resolution, Amy raised her arm.

"And."

The rolled paper tapped Berik's head.

"Watch your word choice, will you? Am I fruit? Huh? Fruit?"

"Ack! Sorry! Ack!"

As the members burst out laughing, even the squad leader who had been waiting grimly chuckled.

It meant to end it here.

"Now, now! Everyone pay attention."

Military discipline instantly became solemn.

"Orders came from above. Starting tomorrow, new supplies will come to our unit. The supply types are..."

No one showed signs of joking around.