Truth and Lies (2)

As Shiina's crying subsided, Kuan lost consciousness and collapsed onto her.

"Kuan."

She checked his condition with a startled expression, but fortunately his heart was still beating.

Shirone asked.

"Teacher, what happened?"

Shiina, who had been lost in thought, spoke.

"The Wind squad was wiped out. And Kuan... it seems like he gave up something for my sake."

She turned to look at Shirone.

"I can't go to the holy war like this. I want to take care of Kuan for a while. Would that be okay?"

"...Yes."

Shirone also felt that Kuan shouldn't be on the battlefield any longer.

"Don't worry too much. Kuan is a strong person. He'll definitely come back."

Even though Shirone didn't know how that could be possible, Shiina nodded.

"Yes. I'll never give up. Kuan will definitely return to me."

The Sword Demon had left the battlefield.

In front of Delta headquarters, the morning was noisy with the sounds of protesters who had gathered since dawn.

"Gis must step down!"

"Let us follow Shirone's will! Yahweh is also exposing Gis's corruption!"

Thanks to his name appearing in a single line in an article, Shirone had also risen to fame.

The voices of nearly 600 people carried past the courtyard all the way to Delta headquarters.

"Sigh."

A man looking out the window from an office in the neutral zone let out a sigh.

His name was Raymond.

He was Gis's political rival and the very person who had conspired with Arachne to set the trap.

'My heart feels torn by the citizens' cries. How should I change this filthy country?'

His eyes grew hot as he thought of the political mission he had to accomplish.

"Lord Raymond."

While his guard knights remained vigilant, Fedra, Arachne's Prime Minister, entered.

"Ah, you've arrived."

Raymond hastily wiped away his tears, but he couldn't fool Fedra's eyes.

"You must have many concerns."

"That's right. So many people are worried about the future of the Jaive Kingdom. I feel like I have some responsibility in this, so my heart isn't at ease."

"Don't think that way. Isn't it all for creating a better world? You're doing well."

"Hmm."

As Raymond let out a sad sigh, Fedra patted his shoulder and pointed toward the door.

"Let's go together. There's nothing better than exercise for stress. Breaking a sweat is the best."

"Shall we?"

The place Fedra took Raymond to was the deepest part of the Arachne sector.

A beautiful middle-aged woman welcomed them.

"Welcome."

She was the leader of the Seduction Chamber, Arachne's think tank that specialized in honey traps.

"Prepare a quiet place."

"Understood."

While Raymond's guard knight stood watch at the door, the two men entered a private room.

Two women were bound to torture devices, their limbs tied.

"I'll win today."

As Fedra picked up a whip, Raymond also grabbed one and savored the feel of the leather.

The so-called Crying Game. The rules were simple.

They would take turns striking the women bound to the torture devices, and whoever made their victim scream first would win.

Fedra took the first turn, and with a sharp whistling sound, the sound of flesh tearing could be heard.

"Hnnngh!"

The woman held back her scream.

The moment she cried out loud, she would suffer something far more terrible than what was happening now.

Raymond swung his whip.

"Gis!"

The woman's waist bent like a bow.

"You think someone like you can be king? When you're ruining Jaive! Do you even know how hard life is for the citizens? Huh? Right now the citizens are crying tears of blood!"

After Fedra's turn ended and it was Raymond's turn again, a satisfying sound rang out.

"Ooh."

Havitz, who had been crouched in a corner eating snacks, opened his eyes wide.

"That one was good."

He would drop by this place whenever he was bored, watching with the focus of someone viewing a sports match.

"An equal world! Huh? I'm the only one who can create a world where everyone is equal!"

Havitz's eyes sank into an abyss.

'Would people think this is contradictory?'

The people of the world.

'No, this is exactly what humans are.'

Monsters of self-rationalization.

'They arm themselves with every logic they can think of. In the end, morality, conscience...

It might be truth to someone.

'But in reality, even that is just self-rationalization to hide weakness. The strong have no conscience.'

Humans are...

'Because if they have the ability to do something and it causes them no harm, they can commit any act.'

Raymond put all his strength into it.

"For Jaive!"

As the whip struck again where blood was already flowing, the woman's mouth opened wide.

"Kyaaaah!"

Fedra threw down his whip and applauded.

"Bravo! That's a record!"

"Hah! Hah!"

Then he gripped the shoulder of the heavily breathing Raymond and smiled.

"Do you feel better now?"

"Whew! Yes. Breaking a sweat makes me feel much better. Thanks to you, I had a good time."

"This is what I do. Just say the word anytime. And this woman...?"

As Fedra cut the rope of the woman who had screamed, she fell to the ground like a corpse.

"Since she needs to be disposed of anyway, take her with you. The Seduction Chamber will handle the cleanup."

"How pitiful. Can't she be saved?"

"No. If we make exceptions, it won't be a proper game. There's such a thing as a system, you know."

"True."

"Rest well today. We've set the trap properly, so Gis won't be able to escape. Now peace will come to Jaive too. Under the rule of King Raymond."

Raymond's chest swelled with emotion.

"It's all thanks to you, Prime Minister. When I become king, I'll never forget what happened today."

"Enjoy yourself, indulge yourself."

At Fedra's gesture, the servants of the Seduction Chamber dragged the woman to a room.

"Then."

Raymond gave a half-hearted greeting and quickly chased after them.

Fedra clicked his tongue.

'Really...

The brain is like a child's - once exposed to a certain pleasure, it forgets all lesser pleasures.

'They always want something more stimulating. And if they can do it without any harm to themselves...'

He didn't think deeply about it.

"Well, that's how we make a living too."

The women of the Seduction Chamber threw the woman, her back soaked with blood, onto the bed and left.

"Hng. Hng."

Raymond touched her wounds.

"Does it hurt?"

"Ahhh!"

"Yes, it must hurt. My heart hurts too. Just bear with it a little longer. I'll make you comfortable soon..."

At that moment, the woman's thumb plunged deep into the left side of Raymond's neck.

"Gak! Ghhk!"

Even in his surprise, he tried to make a sound, but his vocal cords were precisely blocked.

"Yes. It hurts, you bastard."

As she sat up and twisted her thumb, their positions were completely reversed.

"Ghhhhh...!"

Even while pinned under the woman, Raymond could see that her fingernails were sharp.

'Save me! Guards! My guards!'

"Hoho! Even with your gills blocked, you're still lively! Fresh ones really are the best."

Wetting her lips with her tongue, she began to dismantle Raymond's neck with her ten fingers.

Horrible sounds could be heard, and finally, after tearing through all the flesh, she snapped the neck bone.

"Whew!"

Grabbing the hair of the severed head, she got down from the bed as a member of the Seduction Chamber entered.

"Are you finished?"

The woman held up Raymond's head and asked.

"What about the guard knights?"

"Roro and I took care of them."

As she split her lips, flesh could be seen between her sharp teeth leaking deadly poison.

"It never ends with just lips, you know."

"Right. Let's go."

The woman put Raymond's head in a wooden box, closed the lid, and began walking.

Fedra was waiting.

"It's been handled."

When the lid was opened, Raymond's face appeared, staring at the ceiling with wide eyes.

"Well, well, Mr. Raymond."

Fedra brought his face close.

"Why are you making such a scary expression? Are you upset about dying? Hm? Are you upset?"

His hand tapped Raymond's cheek.

"Hey, say something. Don't you know why you died? Should I tell you?"

"Because you're clumsy."

Fedra smiled coldly and stepped back.

"Just because you're Jaive's number two, just because you're next after Gis, did you think you were something special? You're not a king or anything else. You have nothing to offer me."

If Raymond could have exposed even his shameful behavior to his guards...

"That's why you can't measure up to Gis."

Gis can do it.

The woman from the Seduction Chamber closed the box and asked.

"What about payment?"

"We received 70 percent up front. We'll get the remaining payment when we deliver the head, and the deal is done."

"One percent is ours."

It was one percent of the astronomical amount Gis would have to pay Arachne.

"Got it, you're so stingy."

From the beginning, Arachne never intended to make Raymond the king of Jaive.

'If you're going to extort money, you have to do it properly.'

Even if voting was important, a strong nation like Jaive wouldn't bow to Arachne.

Therefore, they first trapped Gis and then demanded money in exchange for rescuing him.

Fedra rubbed his fingers together.

"Big money. This is business. Let's wrap things up. We're done with our work at the holy war, so shouldn't we enjoy ourselves?"

The leader of the Seduction Chamber asked.

"Will Gis be okay? I feel like we went too far. What if we get blamed for it?"

"It's fine. We had to go that far to make it threatening. We've cut off Raymond's head, so he'll handle the rest himself."

"What about Rangi?"

Fedra's eyebrows twitched.

"Tch! That cunning little... Just leave him alone for now. If he's willing to give up his share and side with Yahweh, it means he wants to live that badly. He won't do anything stupid."

Having heard enough, Havitz turned around.

'Hmm, Rangi.'

Since it had been nearly an hour since he killed Gando, he needed to look for another target.

'It's a bit ambiguous. It would be troublesome to get directly involved with Yahweh. Uorin probably has goblins nearby...'

At times like this, he resented God's frequency.

'How boring.'

Even the secrets of the Arachne Kingdom, which he would have enjoyed listening to in the past, were merely tedious now.

'Greater pleasure. Does such a thing even exist?'

While walking down the corridor with such thoughts, he heard a familiar voice from around the corner.

"Havitz."

He stopped walking and slowly turned around to see Zetaro and Smodo standing side by side.

"Can you... see me?"

He was in a vanishing state.

While observing the two men staring into empty space, Havitz turned his gaze to the side.

Wena Wizard was standing there.

"Hooh?"

The vanishing was dispelled, and Zetaro and Smodo finally recognized Havitz with their minds.

"Havitz, it's been a while."

"Has it? I wouldn't know. Why did you suddenly come looking for me? To participate in the assassination game?"

"No. I want to propose a game I created."

"Hmm."

The fact that he wasn't using God's frequency meant he wasn't completely uninterested.

"Well, you'd have to use a game to kill me. But I'm having enough fun right now."

More than that, he wanted to play with the wizard.

"How about just attacking directly? I want to kill you guys quickly and then do what I want to do."

Zetaro felt sad that Havitz's gaze was fixed on the wizard.

'If I can't persuade him, there won't be another chance.'

With that thought, he spoke.

"You'll like it. It's worth risking our lives for."

"Hooh."

"Truth and lies. That's the name of this game."

Upon hearing the game's name, Havitz opened God's frequency with a pounding heart.

And then...

"Keke! Kekekeke!"

His lips split grotesquely into a grin.