Rules of the Holy War (2)

Shirone's party carefully examined the characters flowing along the wall where they stood.

Shirone shook his head.

"I don't know."

The fact that it couldn't be decoded by the Ultima System was proof of the outside world.

"It's probably writing. It has similar characteristics to the forms I've seen before."

At Arin's words, Canis felt along the wall.

"Weak electric current."

The wall had grooves carved in different shapes, and electricity flowed along them.

"This is a first for me. If this is language, there are too many types of grids. I can't find any identical ones."

Ares asked.

"What exactly does that mean?"

"Language is a vessel that contains thought. If a civilization that uses this language exists, they would have to possess thoughts beyond human imagination. Otherwise, this type of writing would just be a waste of space."

"For example, with light flowing through square grids, you can make quite a lot of symbols - vertical lines, horizontal lines, right-angle brackets, and so on. Just those combinations alone are enough to create language. But the problem is that even the grids are all different. What kind of information would require this type of language, I wonder..."

Canis rested his chin on his hand.

"Could it be a means to express time?"

"Time?"

"For example, if there's a word for 'apple,' even after one second an apple is still just an apple. But these characters change meaning according to time. So the moment you know the meaning of any character, you can also know the time. Past, present, and future are all contained within these characters."

A chill was felt.

"A four-dimensional language. Still, isn't there some way to at least roughly understand the meaning? Our lives are on the line."

"Decoding ancient writing is similar to solving magic squares. Characters also have ranks. Their power differs depending on how many situations they're connected to. Using apple as an example again - it's used in countless situations like eating, dropping, opening, right? On the other hand, phrases like 'wrapping an apple' or 'smoking an apple' aren't commonly used."

Canis pointed at the wall.

"If apple is nobility, then these characters are all kings. There isn't a single identical grid. Even simple geometric shapes would all be different forms."

Glen pointed at the wall.

"The triangle here seems to be over there too?"

"It would be subtly different."

Ares activated his Red Eyes.

"...The three angles show a 0.7-degree error in alignment. But is it really possible that none of the characters carved on the pyramid overlap?"

"It's possible."

Shirone said.

"It's just difficult to confirm with the eye. Mathematically speaking, shapes can be created infinitely. Because..."

Zulu said.

"Pi. Pi has no end."

"Yes. Within the form of a circle, infinite shapes are contained. It's like how mages define the numbers of laws. And if these characters are law number 1, decoding from the inside is impossible. We'd need the Ultima of the outside world."

Canis said.

"To conclude, decoding is impossible. Because the characters carved here can be used in all situations. They even have meaning in themselves without any situation."

"Angels."

"Huh?"

Feeling the party's gaze, Shirone explained.

"As you know, angels are incarnations of concepts. They can apply a single concept to all situations."

This is called the Judicial Halo.

"Therefore, the status of angels can be seen as identical to the status of the characters written here. In other words, all the characters written here are..."

Ares muttered.

"All angels?"

Silence flowed.

The procession of characters advancing along the wall looked like watching angels racing.

"Phew."

Ares summarized.

"Alright, let's say each of these characters has power equivalent to angels. And such things fill this enormous pyramid. Why? For what purpose?"

"That's probably..."

Just as Shirone was about to speak, Harvest erupted from Canis's shadow.

"Canis, there's a wave."

Something was walking toward them from the darkness where the blue characters had disappeared.

Having been through all kinds of battles, they quickly took combat positions and waited, but...

"What... is that."

Seeing the form of what appeared, they couldn't help feeling dizzy.

The naked body was human, but what was above the neck was a small pyramid.

Shirone activated Miracle Stream.

"Who are you? Reveal your identity."

The pyramid man who had stopped in clear view of each other extended his right arm straight out.

A powerful wave rushed in, and Harvest, born from the vibration, converted it into language.

Arin, connect the mental channel!

As mental magic deployed, Shirone's party heard the pyramid man's voice.

I am In.

Goosebumps rose instantly, and they instinctively chose combat and leaped forward.

"Take him down!"

And simultaneously, the timeline twisted.

"Taha!"

Yufra, who had swung his twin swords and passed by, sensed the change and stopped abruptly.

"What?"

The party was nowhere to be seen.

In the boring scenery of the pyramid, only characters emitting blue light passed by.

"Hmph."

He pointed his swords toward the darkness on both sides.

"I don't know what kind of trick this is, but you'd better come out obediently. No one can break through my sword net."

Moving ten meters slowly like a crab, he heard footsteps from around the corner.

"There!"

Just as Yufra quickly turned his body, a young swordsman came around the corner.

"Bal... Zach?"

It was a colleague he had studied swordsmanship with in childhood.

"How are you here?"

Yufra, who had unconsciously taken a step, hurriedly came to his senses and raised his sword.

'No, Balzach is dead. Besides, this is his youthful appearance. The one I knew...'

He was a genius acknowledged by all, but died in battle caught up in wide-area magic on the battlefield.

"Yufra, you've become a great swordsman."

"Urgh!"

There wasn't a trace of falsehood in Balzach's smile, but Yufra felt insulted.

"Eliana would be happy too."

Balzach's wife.

Also the only woman Yufra had devoted his life to keeping in his heart.

"Shut up, you bastard!"

Eyes bloodshot, Yufra expelled outer gravity and leaped forward.

Where his sword drew an X, there was no Balzach.

"Huff! Huff!"

Mentally exhausted, Yufra let his arms hang and breathed roughly.

"What the hell?"

Looking back, it was a painful memory, but now it was so old there was no need to even think about it.

'It's been over 40 years. I haven't thought about it for over 10 years. But why...'

Why did it appear before him now?

"Canis! Canis, where are you?"

Running through the maze-like complex paths, Arin called Canis's name without rest.

'Everyone suddenly disappeared. What happened?'

If this were a hallucination, there was no way Arin, a mental mage, wouldn't notice.

"It's not magic. It's a phenomenon that actually occurred."

He had said In.

'There was the same form as the Pyramid of Truth. Why In instead of human?'

She stopped walking.

'Just wandering around aimlessly isn't the answer. If I can't find a clue, we'll keep missing each other.'

Wah, wah.

Crying sounds came from somewhere.

"Huh?"

When she turned her head, a completely different scene from what she expected unfolded.

'This is... Radum?'

As her five senses began to accept Radum, terrible memories came flooding back.

"No. It can't suddenly be Radum. This is magic."

She applied countless shocks to her mind, but the scene before her eyes didn't change at all.

"Wah! Wah!"

The crying was now reality.

When Arin turned her head, an injured woman was running while breathing roughly.

'She's lost a lot of blood. But... this is the state of someone who's already prepared for death.'

Then a shout erupted.

"Chase her! Kill her the moment you find her!"

As if no one could see Arin, the woman passed by and soldiers approached.

"Damn it! Of all places to escape to, it had to be Radum. Now we can't even raze it."

Arin was suddenly gripped by fear.

'Why is this happening? My heart...'

Since mental fluidity was her specialty, it was strange that her emotions weren't under control.

"Breath, I can't breathe."

For unknown reasons, every situation unfolding here was terrible.

"Canis, please come quickly. Please."

'Who exactly is that woman?'

Meanwhile, Canis, experiencing the same Radum, quickly pursued the woman.

Though not as sensitive as Arin, his heart was also beating uncontrollably.

'Where did she go?'

He saw the woman turn a corner.

'Hmph, Radum is my hometown. I could follow even with my eyes closed.'

Then soldiers came running.

"Damn! She must be fatally wounded. What's making her so fast?"

"What should we do, Captain? If she talks, we won't be safe either."

"We have to catch her before that. She's probably trying to hide the baby. Listen carefully for crying sounds."

'Baby?'

The captain continued.

"I heard they're twins. One boy, one girl. We absolutely cannot let them escape."

At that moment, Canis's heart sank.

"Twins..."

No, it couldn't be.

"That's impossible. Such a thing could never happen!"

Canis, calm down. Your heart rate is too fast. At this rate, your brain will go into shock.

'No.'

The truth is...

No, but couldn't he have suspected it might be possible during those days?

He had no memory of coming to Radum.

But Canis and Arin were both Asian, and their growth processes were almost identical.

'No!'

There must be some reason.

'Right, absolutely not. There are so many Asians who came through immigration policies.'

Canis! Breathe! You're going to die!

"Aaaaah!"

Breathing roughly, Canis followed the woman's trail along Radum's shortcuts.

She was kneeling as if exhausted.

"Hey, you! Who exactly are you?"

Canis's face turned pale as he approached her back and shouted.

"Uh, uhh...?"

"No!"

Arin, who had collapsed, covered her ears.

"I'm sorry, babies."

The woman who had laid the fraternal twins on the ground was strangling one of them.

"Please forgive this mother."

She knew what treatment women received in Radum.

"Wah... wah."

"Death will be much happier. Don't worry. Mommy will follow soon."

The woman looked at the baby beside her.

"I'm sorry. Please live in place of your little sister. If you die too, mommy won't be able to close her eyes."

"Gak... gak..."

The strangled baby's eyes seemed to roll back, then suddenly looked at the woman with clear gaze.

"Ah, ahh..."

They were definitely eyes that were seeing something, and the woman, who had turned pale, backed away.

"Ahhhhh!"

Just as the half-mad woman screamed and left the scene,

Canis and Arin's eyes met.

Shirone, self-illuminating with Hexa's smoke, turned back to face forward and asked.

"What did you do?"

The party had disappeared, and only the pyramid-headed man stood before him.

"Where did everyone go? Answer me. If this is judged as hostile action, I'll have no choice but to subdue you."

As Miracle Stream spread sharply, the pyramid man tilted his head.

"Why..."

Ultima read the atmospheric waves.

"Are you not bound?"

When Shirone frowned in confusion, the pyramid man asked again.

"How is it that you..."

What could be called the karma of all created beings.

"Have no cause?"