Infinity Theory (4)

The sight of corpses tangled together felt as if even the dignity they had in life had crumbled away.

"What is a god?"

The village chief spoke with a bitter smile.

"In other words, what does it mean to transcend humans? What does it mean to transcend?"

He lifted up a corpse's wrist and gazed at the flesh with loving eyes as he spoke.

"You used strange abilities. Well, in a way, I suppose that could also be called strength."

When the village chief let go, the corpse's arm dropped.

"How much fierce effort did you put in? To become safer, to obtain more. But that's not being a god."

Nade snapped back.

"What does that have to do with committing such acts? You're just a vicious murderer."

"Murderer? You shouldn't define me with such a lowly concept. At least not in this place."

The village chief lifted the corpse's eyelid and gazed rapturously into the lifeless pupil.

"Let me prove that I am a god."

Then he suddenly turned his head and began destroying the corpses with his hands.

Nade made a disgusted expression.

"Ugh!"

"These things, you see, cannot resist. Do you know what it feels like to be completely safe? Have you ever felt such a thing in your entire life? But I am feeling it. Even if I do such things, or rather, because I do such things..."

Electricity rose from Nade's body, but Shirone raised his arm to block him.

"No one can harm me. Perfect strength. That's why corpses, flesh, this fragrant blood..."

The village chief pulled something up with his hand, bit into it, and his eyelids trembled.

"...are treasures bestowed by god."

"I get it."

Shirone could no longer bear it either.

"There's only one thing I want to hear. Who's behind this? The person called 'that woman.' Where is she now?"

"Puhahaha!"

The village chief burst into loud laughter, spraying blood.

"Behind this? Foolish humans! Who do you think I am! I am a god! Your corpses will also be toyed with by my hands in this place!"

"Let's say that's true..."

Nade rolled up his sleeves and approached.

"First, let's have you take a beating."

His body wrapped in blue electricity rushed toward the village chief with the sound of burning air.

Just as his five fingers were about to snatch the chief's face.

"Stop."

At the woman's voice from behind, Nade couldn't resist and landed powerlessly.

When Shirone turned around, the woman who had been imprisoned in the cell until just moments ago was standing there.

"Ravika?"

At Nade's words, Shirone shook his head.

"No, she's different."

He couldn't pinpoint exactly what, but the very temperament the person exuded had changed.

'What changed was her heart.'

If it was in the realm of emotions, he could roughly guess who was behind all of this.

"Show yourself, Prejudice of 5 o'clock."

Having heard from Shirone, Iruki and Nade narrowed their eyes and asked.

"Prejudice of 5 o'clock? You mean Sheol?"

Ravika was simply smiling, and the village chief got up with shaking shoulders.

"Kekeke! Didn't I tell you! I am a god!"

Iruki realized the identity of 'that woman.'

'Beings from the other world are emotions in reality. She's not a living human. She's evil that has burrowed into the hearts of the villagers.'

Nade asked tensely.

"Sheol? Weren't you supposed to be guarding Satan?"

"The concept of spacetime is meaningless. 0.666 seconds is time that the law doesn't process. If I cast stop magic, she'll probably reveal herself, but..."

Ravika would probably kill herself.

Just like how the mother of the two siblings brainwashed by Prejudice of 5 o'clock stabbed her own heart.

"Kekeke! That's right! This woman, she's quite skilled in the arts of the mind. But she can't defeat me."

"You deliberately left her alone?"

"Didn't you know? The reason evil wins is because good is weak. It's not that we leave it alone because we can't eliminate it, but because we need it, we keep it around. If everything became evil, where would we get our pleasure from?"

That was the essence of evil.

Therefore, to defeat evil, one needs a sage as detached from human standards as evil itself.

Ravika spread both arms wide.

"That truth is valid in the current situation too. Look. There's a good person right in front of you who tried to save this village. Do you think you can kill me?"

Since there was no point in hiding it, Iruki confessed honestly.

"I can't kill you. But that's not because I'm weak."

"What do I care about your thoughts? What's important is that Satan has won again. Pitiful Yahweh, you will never achieve what you desire. No matter how many demons die, as long as humans are tempted by evil, the war is our victory."

Nade took a step forward.

"I think you're mistaken about something. Yahweh is Shirone. And I'm just an extremely emotional, ordinary human."

As blue electricity erupted from his body, the cave walls flashed blindingly bright.

"I'll kill her, Shirone. Not for you, but as my choice. Don't stop me."

The village chief rubbed against the corpses and shouted.

"Ehehehehe! Foolish ones! Don't you understand yet! The pleasure of flesh is truly god's..."

Iruki's Atomic Bomb exploded.

The village chief's body, blown away with a thunderous roar, became indistinguishable as it mixed with the corpses.

Just as Nade, having lost his reason, was about to leap out, Ravika pointed her index finger.

"Shirone is your enemy."

As soon as the words fell, tremendous changes began occurring in Nade's heart.

"Grgh!"

Prejudice of 5 o'clock.

When something is defined, everyone comes to think that way.

"Shirone is the enemy who killed your family. Don't be deceived by one wearing the mask of Yahweh."

'No, that can't be.'

Even knowing it made no sense, his heart kept amplifying the doubt.

"Kill Shirone. Take revenge."

"Shut up! There must have been a reason! Shirone killing my family... there must have been some reason!"

Prejudice of 5 o'clock was genuinely surprised.

'He's enduring this? That means he could bear it even if Shirone actually did kill his family...'

Iruki was also looking at Shirone with displeasure, but didn't seem to have any intention of taking action.

"Kekek, what touching friendship."

Ravika smiled a twisted smile.

"Kill him! Shirone brutally massacred your family! And he was smiling when he killed them!"

"Aaaaah!"

As the lightning in his brain seemed about to explode, Shirone spoke.

"Nade, you don't need to endure. I'll block it. Those aren't your true feelings. It's that woman's ability."

"I don't want to."

Nade's face contorted like a demon's.

"Even if it's a demon's ability, even if you killed my family, even if you killed them while smiling..."

With each word he spoke, his anger amplified.

"Even so..."

Half of Nade's terrifying face gradually relaxed, and tears flowed down.

"That's not true, right Shirone? It's a lie, right?"

'Prejudice of 5 o'clock.'

Shirone's eyes bulged with murderous intent.

'I want to kill her.'

The reason he was still enduring was because of the one chance Nade would create.

Prejudice of 5 o'clock finally realized the seriousness.

'The hidden code isn't taking effect? No, that can't be. No matter how excellent the mental arts...'

Being able to control anger, the most difficult emotion to suppress, to this extent was miraculous.

"Huh? Huh? Huh?"

At that moment, Nade's body began trembling, and his pupils gradually started rolling upward.

'It's coming, it's coming!'

All thoughts faded to pale nothing, and the lightning of rage shot up, smashing the cave ceiling.

"GRAAAAH!"

Avatar of Rage.

The Thunder God Transformation made of electricity roared and clawed at everyone in the space with its talons.

"Gasp!"

Shirone didn't miss the moment when a clear energy flashed in Ravika's pupils.

'Now!'

Stop.

As time stopped, he could see a woman in a black robe escaping from Ravika.

"HYAAAAH!"

Containing all his rage until now, Hand of God grabbed Prejudice of 5 o'clock and rose up.

A hole was punched through the deep cave, revealing the sky, and the hidden code was released.

As Nade, having already lost his reason, went outside, Iruki, who had regained his senses, shouted.

"Shirone! Leave this place to me!"

"Please!"

Flying out of the cave, Shirone spotted Prejudice of 5 o'clock descending into the deep shadows.

"Die."

As Hand of God struck down at the earth, the mountain shook with a thunderous sound.

Then Nade's Thunder God Transformation struck up from the ground, instantly filling the surroundings with electricity.

The sight of thousands of lightning bolts flowing backward was spectacular, and plants instantly turned to ash.

"Hah! Hah!"

Even after regaining his reason, Nade trembled with anger toward Prejudice of 5 o'clock.

"Damn it! That piece of..."

Shirone ran over to his side.

"Nade, are you okay?"

"Yeah, sorry. I got excited without realizing it."

"No. Thanks to you, we could reduce the casualties. Ms. Ravika should be safe too."

Nade surveyed the front.

"Is she dead? No, is it even possible to kill her?"

"In the 0.666 seconds of reality, Sheol is in a state of biological existence. If she took a direct hit, the chances of survival are slim."

Iruki approached with the survivors.

"How did it go?"

"As you can see."

Rather than a hundred words, showing the devastated landscape was more effective.

Ravika knelt down, shedding tears.

"Oh, God Yora. I have succumbed to evil's temptation. Please punish me."

Shirone placed his hand on her shoulder.

"Don't blame yourself. That woman is the strongest evil that even Yora finds burdensome. You did your best."

"My husband, what happened to my husband and our child?"

Shirone carefully chose his words.

"Your prayers were answered. Your husband tried to escape the village with the child."

The phrase "I am the king" remained in his mind, but there was no need to reveal that.

Iruki pointed toward the village entrance.

"Shirone, look over there."

A long procession of torches entered, and the clanking sound of armor could be heard.

About 80 soldiers armed in ivory-colored armor approached Shirone's group.

"Halt!"

The captain on horseback stopped the troops and removed her helmet that came down to her chin.

She was a woman with blonde hair and a high nose bridge.

"What are you people?"

Her tone was unpleasant from the start, and her flickering sword pointed at Shirone's brow.

"Still people in a place filled with evil energy. Quickly reveal your identities. If you don't..."

Nade, still not having calmed down from his excitement, flicked the blade with his finger as he approached.

"What are you to suddenly threaten us with a sword?"

The soldiers drew their swords.

"Will you not step back! How dare you threaten a holy knight, a Paladin of the Lamie Church!"

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Huh? Lamie Church?"

It was the world's largest religion and the only religious order with a Pope.

"That's right! This is God's expedition force sent personally by the Pope to subjugate the world's evil! Kneel now!"

The woman raised her hand.

"No, never mind. The earthquake and lightning that occurred earlier. Surely it was caused by evil residing in this mountain. Where did it go?"

Nade pointed down the mountain.

"If you mean that, probably..."

Following his finger, the soldiers' faces suddenly turned pale.

"Pal, Paladin. Please look over there."

"Why such a fuss? Tsk."

She turned her head with a frown, but she too was left speechless upon seeing the landscape.

"What... is that?"

On the blackened, burnt earth, a fist mark that had changed the very terrain itself was imprinted.