[524] A New Contract (3)

"Sirone. Of course I know about him."

Miro felt a chill rather than warmth from Uorin's briefly affectionate gaze.

Biologically speaking, a mother's tenderness manifests because she considers that child to be hers.

Uorin's expression could be said to be the pinnacle of possessiveness that transcended desire.

Uorin skillfully changed the subject to hide her emotions.

"The fact that he's fallen into a state of incapacitation."

The information brought by Cage Team B was already flowing bit by bit to various parts of the world under the name of intelligence.

And the place that would encounter this intelligence first was none other than the Holy See.

Miro slapped Sirone's forehead.

"As you can see, he's unconscious. Completely out of it. I thought you might be able to wake Sirone up."

Uorin crossed her legs as if reluctant.

"Why should I? From the moment you returned, Miro, Sirone's role was finished. He's not important enough to go through the trouble of restoring him."

Miro raised the corner of her mouth.

"Why are you being like this between fellow players? Even if Sirone's role is over, <Ataraxia> still exists, doesn't it? You'll need Sirone's abilities, won't you?"

"Needing something and helping are different things. If I wanted to, I could take Sirone anytime."

"Could you really? Even you wouldn't be able to easily remove Armand's chastity belt, would you? This thing absolutely won't come off."

Until the price of Valhalla Action was completely paid, Armand wouldn't come off Sirone.

Seeing room for negotiation in Miro's confident response, Uorin finally bent her stubbornness.

"Fine. What's the problem? If it's something trivial, I'll quit. Whenever it may be, I just need to claim Sirone for myself."

"Satisfy your desires as you please, Your Majesty, but first, Sirone is currently paying the price for Valhalla Action."

"Valhalla Action?"

Based on what she heard from Gaold's party, Miro conveyed the situation Sirone was in.

It was fortunate that Flu knew the mechanism of Valhalla Action in detail.

After hearing the explanation, Uorin nodded.

"Indeed, quite bold of him. An angel's ability. So Sirone can use two abilities?"

"Valhalla Action is installed in Armand. Since it's integrated with Sirone anyway, it doesn't matter, but it would mean something different to you."

The reason she readily gifted Armand to Sirone was partly to clear a debt, but there was also a scheme to grow his abilities even a little and inherit all those abilities at once.

Therefore, it was regrettable that an angel's ability, registered as the highest grade even in Valkyrie, was installed in a mere weapon.

Abandoning her regrets, Uorin asked.

"So, exactly how much is the price he has to pay?"

Arius said.

"From my dive investigation, it appears to be about 127 years."

"Far exceeding the average human lifespan."

Since Sirone was currently nineteen years old, it meant he could only wake up when he reached about one hundred forty-six years old.

"Right. By then, everything would already be over. But Ikael said that was precisely the hint for bringing Sirone back."

Having said that, Miro observed Uorin's reaction.

If she was thinking the same thing as herself, she would surely recall something.

"Hmm, I see."

Uorin leaned back and held up three fingers.

"There seem to be roughly three ways to restore Sirone."

"Oh?"

It was more than expected.

"The fact that Valhalla Action was activated means causality was established. But Sirone paid a price far exceeding his payment limit. That's precisely the key point."

Arius interjected.

"Payment was made despite being impossible to pay."

"Right. Since it's not something that could happen normally, we can make inferences. I think Valhalla Action used something of Sirone's as collateral in the causality calculation."

"Collateral?"

"When I first heard the explanation of Valhalla Action, my first thought was 'unfair.' Of course, it would be a conclusion reached by adding interest for future uncertainty, but even so, lending 127 years of results without collateral doesn't make sense. Therefore, I don't think it's a matter of lifespan."

Arius said.

"It's about time."

"Right. As long as he's human, extending lifespan is impossible. But if it's collateral related to time, that's a different story. Like..."

Uorin pointed at Miro.

"Like you."

Miro bit her lip.

"Twenty years ago, exactly nineteen years. You haven't aged a bit compared to then. What could be the reason?"

"Well? Maybe I just have a youthful face?"

She spoke jokingly, but her inner thoughts were different.

From the moment she heard the hint Ikael mentioned, Uorin was pointing out the one possibility that had been circling in her mind.

"Of course, seekers like you could sufficiently slow biological activity through mental cultivation. But at the dimensional wall, you didn't eat or sleep for a full twenty years. How was that possible?"

The answer was because she knew that's how it would be.

But the problem was that no one in the world knew how she came to know that.

"Mclain Guffin."

Uorin said.

"Miro, the dimensional wall existed even before you were there. And it blocked Heaven's forces. After that, Guffin disappeared and you were selected. You're Guffin's successor. You just can't recall because it was erased, but you definitely met Guffin."

Miro's gaze shifted to Sirone.

"And whatever Guffin passed on to me has also been passed on to Sirone?"

Uorin looked up and reminisced.

"Entering the third reset, the Great Purification, I had one question. Why did Ikael pass Ataraxia to Sirone? Also, why did Sirone's avatar manifested in Heaven have angel wings? And finally..."

Uorin glared at Arius.

"Why was Guffin's security device installed in Sirone's maternal psychology?"

"How do you know that..."

Arius was the only one who had entered Sirone's depths.

Moreover, he had never revealed this fact to anyone except Miro, whom he followed.

Miro frowned slightly and said.

"You found out after the reset."

"Right. Living through the Great Purification, I met Arius again in Kazra. Arius, who failed to steal Ataraxia, was being chased by Walkers and escaped to Apotheosis. I secretly extracted information then. Remember? The sleep magic you used to put Sirone to sleep."

Masters of sleep magic could cut a subject's consciousness like a knife and connect memories without them knowing they had fallen asleep.

Recalling that time, Arius seemed to have some idea and swallowed hard.

If she had observed even the scene of installing the door in Sirone, it was safe to say there was nothing she didn't know.

Miro glared at Uorin with drowsy eyes.

'This is why Theraze is annoying.'

Sirone and Miro were among the extremely few cases throughout the world connected to Guffin's name.

However, the problem was that Uorin was probably the same.

'She definitely knows.'

A Theraze who had experienced human history three times couldn't possibly lack déjà vu about Guffin.

Perhaps she was the only person among humanity who could remember Guffin's appearance.

However.

'She'll never tell.'

That was classified information only Theraze knew.

Until she opened her mouth herself, the truth couldn't be extracted by any means.

Miro gave up and turned her attention back to Sirone's problem.

"Enough digression, tell me. The three ways to restore Sirone."

"The first method is very simple and easy."

Uorin held up one finger and said.

"Kill Sirone."

"Hmm."

Miro nodded as if convinced.

"If you're certain there's collateral, killing Sirone is the easiest solution. If that happens, anything could occur. If we're lucky, he might die and come back to life."

Miro, who had been resting her chin on her hand, looked up in surprise.

"Are there such cases?"

"About three times throughout human history."

"Extremely rare."

"But it's the simplest method. Even if he dies, it doesn't particularly matter, right? I'd find it regrettable too, but when weighed against the trouble of waking him up again, there's nothing greatly disappointing."

"That's true."

Since it had the advantage of reaching a resolution most quickly, killing Sirone and waiting for the results was also a good method.

"Let's hear the second one first? We can make a decision later."

"The second method is making Sirone fulfill the debt himself. This is also related to collateral."

"I see. But how can he make choices in a moratorium state?"

"We'd have to prepare a separate method for that. But if we can use the second method, the third method would actually be better."

"The third being?"

"Having someone else pay the debt instead."

"Oh my..."

"Valhalla Action's causality definitely belongs to Sirone. But the collateral connecting that causality doesn't belong to Sirone. Therefore, that collateral..."

Both women said simultaneously.

"Can be transferred to someone else."

Uorin rested her chin and looked around the wall.

"Irregular. Object. Maybe we'll need both. An ability to bypass moratorium. An ability to extract and transfer magic. If we have these two functions, we might be able to wake Sirone up."

Thinking of someone, Miro pouted her lips.

"Hmm... Irregular."

"You seem to have someone in mind."

"Well, couldn't you just look into it for me?"

"I'll cooperate, but don't expect much. Besides, for Miro of the Adrias family, it shouldn't be too far away, should it?"

When Uorin asked ambiguously, Miro realized she had already grasped everything and clicked her tongue.

"Too heartless."

"Bring the collateral for extraction. I'll find someone to transfer it to."

"It's 127 years. Can it be settled?"

"If about 10 archmages share it, it could be paid off within a year. If not, we could hire 20."

Miro chuckled.

"How devoted you are after all? Earlier you said killing him was the simplest method."

"It's still the same now. Not only hiring 20 archmages, but it's like throwing away their abilities for nothing. No matter how much I covet Sirone, I don't think he has that much value."

"Really? Then why?"

Uorin shrugged nonchalantly.

"He's cute. I like this type."

Miro's eyes curved artificially.

'Liar.'

She suspected the reason Uorin chose the third method despite having an easier option.

To find out what collateral Sirone possessed.

If that collateral was related to Guffin, even 20 archmages would be a bargain.

'An unopened treasure chest, that's what this is.'

Having organized her thoughts to that point, Miro stood up.

Then Arius hurriedly wrapped Sirone in black cloth and carried him on his back.

Since time was of the essence, there was no leisure to delay.

"Then I'll handle the extraction. You prepare for the transfer side."

"Contact me if you need anything. If it's premised on a contract, I'll help with anything."

"Mm-hmm. I'll gladly do so."

Miro waved cheerfully as she left the room, and Arius carrying Sirone followed behind.

The leader of the Wind Corps briefly looked around the room from outside the door, confirmed his lord's safety, and carefully closed the door.

At the same time, Uorin's face, which had been full of smiles, instantly turned cold.

"The more debts you accumulate, the better."