Unsolved Case (2)

Having experienced the effects of Crime Points firsthand, Sirone's group looked up to the sky and asked.

"What's our current point total?"

Your current Crime Points are 91P.

Nade said.

"We used 9P for food. It's good to know this, but we need to gather Crime Points. If we can't solve the eating problem, we can't do anything."

Eden said.

"Let's explore the town first. If it operates on a cycle system, we might come back here again. Let's understand everything we can before clearing the mission."

As Sirone walked through the streets observing the town, he couldn't make eye contact with the passersby.

'I have to kill them. Three people.'

Dorian was a small town, and they were able to gather all information in just 30 minutes.

Returning to the town entrance, the group sat under a tree and exchanged opinions.

Eden spoke first.

"They really seem like real people."

Iruki said.

"But they're not real people. No, I think we're missing the key point - what's important is that they resurrect."

Nade agreed.

"Right. If the consequences of our actions reset, is there any need to hesitate? If we can't solve the mission, our points will keep dropping. We'll end up in prison."

Iruki looked back at Sirone.

"You decide. We're here to help you anyway. Whatever decision you make, we'll follow."

"Melkidu is probably a world where hidden codes apply. You could call it a kind of simulation."

The group listened intently.

"High Gear was similar. Back then, it was even a situation where players killed each other."

Sirone shrugged his shoulders.

"But this time feels different. We'd be continuously killing defenseless civilians."

Iruki said.

"Because it's a murderer's rule. It's definitely a system created with malicious intent."

Nade stepped forward.

"Is it though? I find it interesting. I mean, it's not like I enjoy killing people in real life, but we used to play war games as kids, right? We'd hit each other with wooden sticks and fall down going 'ugh!' This place is just a bit more realistic. But what does it matter? We've even fought in world wars."

They had experienced brutal situations to the point of being sick of them.

"Come on, let's just do it. We don't have time for this. Otherwise, I'll go right now and grab someone and kill..."

From the alley Nade was pointing to, two young girls were giggling and laughing.

After watching them for a moment, Nade quietly lowered his hand and brought his legs together.

Iruki, who had been looking at him pathetically, said.

"If you don't like killing civilians, how about catching villains? This place is for murderers, but murderers don't necessarily pursue pleasure. There are timid cowards, mercenaries, and blind fanatics who hate evil. If their perspectives were also added to this world, wouldn't there be a way to play that suits us?"

"Ah, that's right!"

Nade suddenly lifted his head.

"Curtis said so too. At first, he raised points by catching villains. He said it was inefficient, but we're not in a position to be picky right now."

Sirone seemed uncomfortable.

"If a villain were harming people, I'd risk my life to fight too. But actively searching for villains just to kill someone is also strange, isn't it?"

Nade argued.

"Hey, if you think that far, how are we supposed to clear the mission?"

Eden said.

"I agree with Sirone's thinking. We need to distinguish between the intent and result of actions. What Sirone wants to say is that we shouldn't think of this as natural. Right?"

"Yeah. I know killing villains is the best option. But the moment we rationalize it, we'll also be tainted by Melkidu's system. Then it won't matter who we kill."

Just like Curtis.

"What about Seina? We need to rescue her quickly. Seina is a real human."

Sirone revealed his inner thoughts.

"Actually... I could liberate this place right now."

Iruki asked.

"Like Andre's Labyrinth?"

"Yeah. By fully opening the Immortal Function and reversing this world's laws. Those who have reached the realm of enlightenment can return to reality. It's not even a criminal act. Then Melkidu would also be absorbed into the real world."

Eden asked.

"What's the reason you can't do it?"

"To return while the Immortal Function is open, I'd have to embrace this world in my heart. The system for murderers, the demons in Melkidu, and..."

Sirone's eyes filled with determination.

"Gyorgi too."

It meant he'd have to accept again Yahweh's demon that he had cut away for humanity's sake.

"No one knows Gyorgi as well as I do. This is probably the core strategy for Yahweh's assassination. Planting a demon in me. Seina will be safe. Without her, I'd have no reason to liberate this world."

Iruki stood up.

"Alright. Now that we've decided, shall we begin? Let's ask the townspeople who the worst villain is."

One hour later.

"No way! Did that really happen?"

"I'm telling you it did! So I shouted like this! Hey! You just pooped your pants!"

"Hehe! That's so funny!"

The remaining three watched from a distance as Nade chatted with the girls.

"This is really driving me crazy."

They had conversations with over 20 people, but far from finding villains, everyone was uniformly kind.

"So we caught the thief..." Sirone shouted.

"Hey! Nade!"

Coming to his senses, Nade waved to the girls and ran over to his friends.

He grabbed his head.

"This is serious. I don't feel like killing anyone. Isn't this too nice a town to live in?"

Iruki said.

"It's a small community. In places like this, even minor incidents are hard to occur. The culprit gets identified right away."

Sirone rested his chin on his hand.

"Even so, Curtis wouldn't have said anything to break trust from the beginning. He said it was inefficient, not impossible. The reason he didn't explain in more detail might be because there are various inefficient patterns?"

"Could be. Anyway, nearly 200 people are moving with individual personalities. Some variable could occur. The problem is we don't know when."

Eden said.

"We have no choice but to wait. Let's change the order and get weapons first. We can't do it bare-handed."

They didn't want to strangle even villains.

"Material, you mean."

Iruki looked back at Sirone.

"How about making them with that ability? We could save points. Swords are possible too, right?"

"Of course it's possible, but..."

Sirone tried activating Material.

Insufficient Crime Points required for criminal activity. Current Crime Points: 91P.

"Not enough points. I guess making tools for crimes also counts as criminal activity."

"...It's annoying but understandable. In the end, we have no choice but to buy, no, steal them?"

Nade stepped forward.

"I'll do it. Wait here."

Looking left and right as he crossed the street, he entered the weapon shop across the way.

"I should bring something easy to kill with."

A moment later, the door opened and Nade came out holding a knife identical to the one the murderer had used.

A shout erupted from the shop.

"You bastard! How dare you steal my goods? Thief! Thief...!"

Without looking back, Nade pushed the door shut hard with the sole of his foot.

Bang!

With his friends watching, Nade crossed the street again and threw the knife.

"See that? The skill of a master thief."

Iruki caught the spinning knife's handle and examined the blade from various angles.

"This is the best?"

"This is the only short one available. There was something strange that glowed, but they said I didn't have enough points for that."

"So how much was it? What are our points now?"

Your current Crime Points are 76P.

"15P. Pretty cheap indeed. If we had played normally, it would be the level of stabbing fifteen times to kill 3 people. It's reasonable difficulty given the premise of being murderers."

Having secured their tools for crime, they entered an alley and waited for variables to arise.

"Now we really look like criminals."

The mood wasn't right for jokes, and Sirone bit his lips from anxiety.

'The possibility is definitely there. But it's really inefficient. If there's no change within a day, I'll have to reconsider this strategy.'

An hour later, as the sun was gently setting, the bell at the entrance rang.

"Raid! It's a raid!"

When Sirone's group rushed out of the alley, three bandits were holding swords.

'This is it.'

The bandit leader shouted.

"Today, this town belongs to us! Bring us 3 women and your most expensive liquor! Then no one will die."

A system voice was heard.

A bandit group has joined the town.

"Those bastards..."

While the residents turned pale, Sirone's group was completely excited.

"Now's the time, let's go."

Just as they were about to step forward, a voice came from behind them.

"Wait a moment. We're first."

Sirone's group turned around.

They were holding knives identical to the one Nade had stolen, and there were 3 people total.

'Players. Are they accomplices too?'

Judging by the fact that they weren't caught while investigating the town, they seemed to be reasonably trained.

A tall man looked back at Sirone.

"You're players too, right? But we've been waiting for 3 days already. Even if you were non-players, we couldn't kill innocent civilians."

It made sense.

"Of course, we know you had the same thoughts. So we're sorry. We're chasing a heinous criminal. A madman who murdered 7 women and girls. Could you yield to us?"

There were 3 bandits, so only one team could clear the mission.

When the man rolled down his sleeve, a hawk tattoo carved within a circle was revealed.

'Hawk Eye.'

They were civilian investigators active in the Stang Kingdom.

"You seem to know. Yes, we're unofficial police who handle things the kingdom can't solve. Coincidentally, the guy we're chasing is a powerful noble."

He placed his hand on Sirone's shoulder.

"Honestly, we didn't expect you to find the hidden event this quickly. Information about the bandit group can only be confirmed late at night at the village chief's house. It took us a full two days to learn that fact."

Meeting Curtis was certainly lucky, but what moved Sirone's heart was a different aspect.

'If they waited for 3 days.'

Even knowing this world's system, they endured without choosing easy murder.

"Yes. We'll yield to you."

As Sirone stepped back with deflated energy, Nade patted his back consolingly.

"Can't be helped."

The three investigators bowed their heads to Sirone's group in gratitude and moved forward.

"One person takes one each."

"Good."

They all held short swords, and after a brief staring contest, they kicked off the ground and charged.

"Die! Bandits!"

At the same time the investigators rushed forward, the bandits bent their torsos and gripped their long swords.

"Kekeke!"

Almost simultaneously, the 6 people collided, and immediately the 3 investigators were struck by swords and tumbled down.

"Aaaaah!"

The watching group's eyes widened.

"They're incredibly strong!"

Sirone was also surprised.

'They're definitely strong. But the investigators aren't fighting properly either. Because of the Crime Points...'

The bandit leader shouted.

"Bwahahaha! These worthless things are acting up!"

"Urgh!"

The security officer who was slashed in the side crawled backward, and the leader raised his long sword high.

"Where was the heart again?"

"Damn! Give me that!"

Snatching Iruki's dagger, Nade rushed into the battlefield before anyone could stop him.