[649] The Way They Live (2)

"Ra Enemy is..."

Rian, who had been voicing his bewilderment, swallowed his words.

Even if it was shabby information, he had paid money for it, and the fact that Sirone was wearing a meaningful smile also played a part.

'But what is this...'

Of course, there was plenty of possibility that Ra had been reincarnated as a woman.

Even so, it wasn't an important issue for Sirone, and if it was male then it was male - what did 'estimated' even mean?

'There's no one here to spoon-feed you like at school.'

Sirone felt the same disappointment, but having learned about the ways of this world, the 3 gold wasn't too regrettable.

'Surely Ra's gender might be important to someone. So it's hard to say the quality of information has dropped because of this. However...'

What still bothered him was the word 'estimated.'

"Please explain."

When Sirone's eyes suddenly turned sharp, Estera was quite surprised too.

'Was he this kind of personality?'

Magic school graduates who visited guilds were mostly cases of giving up hope of becoming public servants and jumping into making a living.

Especially if they were rookies who had just graduated, dumping work on them at the manager's discretion was also part of the job.

They had to leave maximum profit from rookies because even if they lost money in deals with veterans, there would still be something left.

'What should I do about this? Should I just tell him?'

Normally, demanding compensation for explanations would be the right answer, but looking at Sirone's eyes, her intuition from dealing with countless mages was sending warnings.

'Let me observe a bit more for now.'

Estera, who decided to follow her intuition, explained.

"Information dealers classify information into 4 levels. Confirmed, estimated, suspected, rumored. Of course verification is difficult in these cases too, but for confirmed grade only, evidence or documents must be attached."

"Then what is estimated grade?"

"You can think of it as the same as confirmed grade, except there's no need to attach anything. That's why most mages who don't professionally handle information tend to sell information at estimated grade."

Since mages traveled to various regions, the amount of information they saw and heard was far superior to ordinary people.

Therefore, when they finished requests and returned to guilds, they would sell information obtained during their travels to earn side income.

'Information from various places gathers. Then the number of people using the guild increases too, so it's not a loss for the guild either.'

Rian asked.

"But how can we trust it without attached materials? In this case, there's nothing to trust or not trust anyway."

"That's something buyers have to bear. Information is merely an auxiliary means for carrying out missions after all. That's why other mages don't request information above estimated grade unless absolutely necessary. However, what I can say is that a nationwide guild wouldn't trade information carelessly. There was an information provider's name under the card, right?"

Sirone recalled the name Marca Inter engraved on the card.

"Anyone can purchase, but only guild members with clear identities can sell. If you're suspicious, directly finding the information provider would be one method. I emphasize, guilds are not government agencies. You should know that any guild's work must be based on trust."

"What if the information provider committed fraud?"

"They'd lose their guild member qualification. All guilds connected to the network would be contacted."

Estera, who knew what Sirone was worried about, added.

"Of course betrayal can't be said to be impossible, but if you only look at the bad side, there's no end. Most work based on trust, which is why guilds can continue to exist."

Unless they were planning to make a solid fortune and leave this field, there was no way they would destroy the guild system that was their means of livelihood.

Sirone nodded and asked.

"How much did the owner of this card sell the information for?"

"50 silver."

While the guild made a whopping 1 gold 50 silver, the mage Inter would have also sold various other information, so it was a reasonable level.

Honestly, without the guild system, who would purchase such information for 50 silver?

"So there was no confirmed grade information after all."

Estera smiled awkwardly.

"Right. There was no confirmed grade information containing the keyword. As I said earlier, it's a professional domain. The verification is thorough and the price is quite expensive too."

Rian grumbled.

"Then you should have told us from the beginning, shouldn't you?"

"Hehe, you learned a lot thanks to this, didn't you? Think of it as tuition."

"When did you say trust was important..."

Sirone cut off Rian's words.

"I'll buy them all."

Estera, doubting her ears, asked back.

"Huh? What did you say?"

"I said I'll purchase all the information cards here. There are twenty-six left, so I just need to pay 52 gold, right?"

The moment Sirone placed 5 intermediate gold coins and 2 low-grade gold coins on the table, Estera realized the identity of her intuition.

'This kid...'

He was quite fast.

It was sufficiently clear from his actions so far that this was his first time at a guild.

Nevertheless, purchasing all the information cards was a decision that would skip over all the numerous mistakes a beginner would have to experience in the future.

'Certainly veterans would have made the same judgment.'

Estera, with pretense gone, held out the cards.

"...Take them."

Sirone, who had put all twenty-six cards into his possession, looked back at Estera and asked.

"And I'd like to join the guild."

This was also the right judgment.

'He's really fast at changing stance for his age?'

If being cursed at by mages was just 10 minutes ago, this showed a tendency to thoroughly exclude emotions when carrying out missions.

His skills were unknown, but he could be said to have quite a bright future for working as a mage.

"Good. Now I'll be honest - if you join the guild, there will be many conveniences. The commission is much cheaper, and above all, B-grade and higher requests are only provided to guild members."

That was what Sirone was thinking about too.

"Yes. So I'd like to do some work too."

If he bought information with money, that meant he could also sell it in reverse.

Especially since Silver Ring Guild had free joining and withdrawal, he intended to make back his investment on the way to the capital.

"Hmm, do you have specific work you want? There are various fields like combat, negotiation, education, exploration, transport, etc."

"Transport would be good. I'm planning to go to the capital."

"Aha, there's one job that fits perfectly. The unit price is high too. Can I check your mage certificate first?"

Sirone took out his unofficial certificate.

"Here."

When he placed it on the table, Estera personally picked it up and examined it.

"Huh? Alpheas Magic School? This is one of the 5 prestigious schools."

It was rare for graduates from prestigious schools to visit guilds, so she was even more interested.

"The name is..."

Estera's face hardened after checking the name.

At first she thought she had read it wrong, but no matter how many times she checked, it was the name she knew.

"Ariane Sirone! You're Sirone?"

Finally, as thought and memory matched, Estera's eyes widened as if they would pop out.

Those who had long jumped into the livelihood front line wouldn't be interested in a mere student's name, but Ariane Sirone was special.

He was literally the student who set the highest record in the kingdom's history, and currently a person who had risen to the Ivory Tower candidate group.

Rian broke into a full smile.

"Hehe, did we finally get found out? That's right, this is my lord Ariane Sirone. And I am of Maha's..."

"What! Ariane Sirone!"

The mages in the hall shot up from their seats.

Even if just a candidate, they knew that only those with skills equivalent to a nation's great mage could receive the star title.

Thinking that way, Sirone, who had seemed like a rookie without even peach fuzz, felt as if he grew tall enough to pierce the ceiling.

Estera swallowed her saliva while examining the certificate.

'This is real. It's not a forgery.'

If it became known that Ariane Sirone joined Silver Ring Guild, surpassing the other 3 major guilds would be nothing.

'What should I do? I need to keep him. Ah, really! The master had to go out at a time like this.'

Since Sirone couldn't not know what Estera was thinking, he requested confirmation once more.

"Joining and withdrawal are free, right?"

"Of course, naturally."

She spoke with a smile, but her inner thoughts were different.

'But not you.'

Of course, he wasn't at a level she could detain just because she wanted to.

Also, if he was taking the Ivory Tower test, there would be no particular reason to join a guild within the kingdom.

'But that's exactly why there's no reason to withdraw either, right?'

Estera, having organized her thoughts, handed over a key.

"Since you've decided to join, I should provide accommodation. Take this and go to room 3 on the 4th floor."

"Yes. But don't I need to fill out documents or something?"

"Hohoho! No need to wait unnecessarily, right? I'll come to your room later and handle it for you. Oh right, here's your certificate."

The quality of service shot up as much as she had given him trouble, but Sirone had no lingering resentment anyway.

"Yes. Then please take care of it."

The moment Sirone went upstairs, without anyone going first, the mages flocked to the counter.

"Estera! Can you give me a copy of the guild member certificate? No, sell it to me! How much?"

If they attached proof documents and sold it as confirmed grade information, they could receive at least 100 gold.

Estera sighed and said.

"Wake up from your dreams. From now on, this information is exclusively held by Silver Ring Guild's Kentra branch. Go drink some alcohol."

The mages clicked their tongues and turned around, but where they walked wasn't the hall but the exit.

If it was the location of an Ivory Tower candidate, wouldn't even estimated grade information be worth considerable value?

That was the guild's trust, and based on that trust, Sirone's location spread rapidly throughout the kingdom.

Room 3 on the 4th floor that Sirone entered was a large room equipped with as many as 7 beds.

"There's no need to go this far."

Even a child would know it was wasteful, but it was excellent in terms of showing Silver Ring Guild's will.

"Anyway, it worked out well. Since it's free."

As Rian said that and lay down, Sirone sat on the opposite bed and took out the information he purchased from the guild to read.

"Right, I bought cards. How is it? Is there any useful information?"

As Sirone read the cards and put them down, Rian approached the bed and checked them one by one.

"Let's see, Ra Enemy is estimated to be a mage... What obvious thing are they saying?"

Of course it might be important information to someone, but Rian just thought 2 gold was a waste.

There was some noteworthy information too.

"Estimated to have graduated from a magic school in Kazra Kingdom. Suspected to be between 175 and 180 centimeters tall. Rumored to have met a person from the Ivory Tower. Huh?"

Rian frowned after reading the next card.

"Ra Enemy is rumored to be deaf?"

Then he slammed the card onto the blanket.

"Is it okay to sell such nonsensical information?"

"But there's similar information on other cards too."

Sirone sorted out a few cards and showed them.

"Ra Enemy is rumored to be blind. Suspected of suffering from a rare disease. Rumored to be mute. Including what you saw, they're all from different information providers."

"It is definitely strange. But some information must be false. Being a mage is estimated grade."

"I also find it hard to believe easily, but it's ambiguous to ignore. If they committed fraud, wouldn't they be expelled from the guild and in severe cases even face retaliation?"

Thinking that way, the information providers were also selling while risking their lives.

"But how about this? Rumored grade information was trash from the beginning. Then there would be no retaliation. Besides, rumors are originally something you can babble about as they come out, right?"

Rian's words also made sense.

"Is that so? Confirmed grade must have evidence, and estimated is probably about the level of confirming that evidence with one's eyes."

"Then what about suspected?"

"Wouldn't it be about the reliability of hearing from related parties? If we think that way, rumors would be hearing what someone heard."

"...Really worthless."

"But when I put together all these circumstances, I found out one important fact."

Sirone pointed to Ra Enemy written on the cards.

"First, there's too much information. Especially since Kazra currently has its borders closed."

The cause was Sirone's paternity confirmation incident.

"Huh? Come to think of it, how did information from Kazra flow to Tormia?"

"That's exactly the key point. Guild members from other countries are also sufficiently obtaining estimated grade information. Therefore, the Ivory Tower doesn't not know where Ra is."

Sirone's thinking was close to certainty.

"They know but can't find him."

The existence hidden in that strange contradiction.

"They know but... can't find him?"

That was exactly Ra Enemy.