[733] Two Gazes (2)

When Amy opened the window and felt the warm spring breeze mixed with winter's cold air, she smiled brightly.

'Now the flowers will bloom.'

Though she had devoted herself day and night to training for the certification exam, today her heart felt excited.

'Should I go out to the city for once?'

Without really thinking of showing off to anyone, she picked out a pretty outfit and applied makeup in front of the mirror.

"Hmm..."

As she looked at her strikingly beautiful face and puffed her cheeks in a cute gesture, the door opened.

"Amy, you need to eat breakfast."

Seeing her daughter's adorable appearance that she rarely witnessed, Amy's mother Isis let out a sigh.

"What are you doing by yourself?"

"...No, it's just..."

Amy straightened her posture as if nothing had happened and continued applying her makeup.

"I'll eat breakfast outside. I'm just going to get some fresh air."

Even after graduation exams ended, Amy's passion hadn't diminished one bit, though it was limited to magic.

"Don't do that and go meet some men outside. You've been spacing out a lot lately. And now you're doing strange things."

"Strange things? Is that something to say to your daughter?"

"I'm saying it because I'm worried."

Isis studied Amy carefully and spoke cautiously.

"Well, my friend has a son, and she asked me to introduce you to him... He seemed interested."

Amy burst out laughing in disbelief.

"What are you saying? That's not like you, Mom. You used to cut those things off sharply before."

"That was when you were a student, but now..."

"You know I'm seeing someone. How can you face me later after saying such things?"

That was exactly the problem.

"But Shirone doesn't even contact you... and besides, he's too..."

When Isis heard that Amy was officially dating Shirone, she had inquired everywhere to learn about the Ivory Tower.

'They said it's dangerous. Better to give up on having a family.'

Though it was jealous advice about Isis being connected to the kingdom's greatest mage, it wasn't entirely wrong either.

'What good are a hundred powers if he doesn't come home?'

Unable to bear her mother's worried gaze, Amy put her hands on her hips and got angry.

"What on earth are you thinking? I haven't even taken the certification exam yet and I'm not employed!"

Though Amy was right that she had just turned twenty, the problem was that this didn't seem like it would end as an ordinary relationship.

'At this rate, will she really never get married?'

Isis sighed and left the room.

"Anyway, be careful out there. Get some fresh air too."

"Really, all this worrying..."

After seeing her mother off with a snort, Amy started applying eye makeup in front of the mirror again.

'Shirone.'

Complex thoughts tried to creep in, but she quickly shook her head to dismiss them.

"He's doing well, right?"

After all, he was the great Ariane Shirone.

Andre's Labyrinth

World Number 9999.

In the heyday of the Eternal Life Project, Utopia, Shirone received two choices from Argo.

'Eternity and Infinity.'

If he chose eternity, he could live forever, but if he chose infinity, he would cease to exist at that moment.

Living eternally would be good.

Argo suggested.

The advantages of existing forever are too numerous. On the other hand, humans experience constant information disconnection. The fear is serious. This method can solve everything.

How many humans would refuse when offered eternal life in the face of death?

Shirone didn't want to die.

'But...'

He couldn't accept Argo's proposal.

"No matter how vast the universe is, could it be greater than a mother's love for her child?"

Well, shall I analyze that?

"I won't choose eternal life."

Because Amy wasn't there.

"How can the value of living forever be better than a fleeting moment spent with someone you love?"

Argo's drone trembled, then Amy's hologram appeared again.

...The concentration of emotion is incredible.

Amy's hologram grew endlessly until it finally reached the ceiling of the center.

"That's why."

Shirone spread his arms and shed tears.

"No matter how big the universe is..."

As the spirit of the Immortal Function spread into the realm of infinity, his body emitted a pale flash.

"I'm going!"

The superhuman battle between Lian and Ymir was now approaching its final destination.

The body that had been solid as an iron wall finally began to crack under equally solid fists.

"Hahaha! Good! More! Come at me more fiercely!"

Ymir's punch created a whirlwind, mercilessly demolishing Andre's walls.

Rumble!

"Dangerous!"

As the cave ceiling collapsed, a huge boulder fell toward where Shirone was crouched.

"Damn...!"

He pushed away the falling rocks by distorting space with Ether Wave, but it was only a temporary measure.

"Get up quickly! It's dangerous!"

"Ugh..."

Shirone couldn't even hear Seong-eum's voice.

'It's coming! It keeps coming...!'

Without even knowing what concept it was, his mind was filling with a unique enlightenment.

Insight typically serves as a bridge from ignorance to intelligence, but now there were 19,000 insights.

It felt like reaching one truth no matter which direction he extended, and it rushed in like waves even when he didn't want to accept it.

"R-run away. I can't anymore...!"

Seong-eum gritted her teeth and groaned.

'What on earth is happening?'

To others, it was just a pale face, but in Seong-eum's eyes, a flash that seemed capable of exploding the world flickered briefly.

"Your Highness! You must evacuate quickly!"

The battle between Ymir and Lian was like war gods from heaven descending to earth, and soon the entire Andre's labyrinth would collapse.

"More! More! More!"

Ymir sensed victory.

'This is driving me crazy! I'm so angry!'

It was so unfair and frustrating.

"More! Do more! You can do it! Is this the end?"

The repulsive force and pain from body colliding with body was so lovely.

'It ends like this?'

A being that even the god-like Ankh Rao couldn't control due to its biological strength and had to seal in the world's hardest ice.

'How long has it been since I felt this impact...!'

Ymir couldn't contain his rage.

"Ahhhhh!"

Fist collided with fist, Lian's tendons burst and twisted from his wrist, and finally his right arm flew off.

"Graaah!"

Yet Lian's body was still advancing.

"You weak bastard!"

When Ymir's fist struck his abdomen, his body shot up vertically and left an engraved impression on the ceiling.

"Gack!"

His body, which had been stuck to the ceiling, fell down with a thud, and Kido rushed over frantically.

"Lian, are you okay?"

Ymir shouted angrily.

"You woke me up with just that much!"

"Pull yourself together, Lian! Li...!"

Kido, who had touched Lian's body, flinched and trembled.

'All his bones are crushed.'

His internal organs had probably melted like porridge from the shock waves.

"A subject that would just be chewed up by my molars... wielding a sword that supposedly never breaks?"

Though there are countless objects in the world with functions beyond imagination, Ymir knew.

What doesn't break is the strongest.

'Having the strongest weapon but not even being able to wield it properly...'

As Ymir looked down at Lian sprawled on the ground, memories from just before and from long ago intersected in his mind.

"Come to think of it..."

Ymir's gaze turned toward Shirone.

"The only reason he lasted even that long was because of that guy?"

When Ymir had shown killing intent toward Shirone, Lian's body had undergone a complete transformation to reach this point.

"Hehe, memories are coming back."

As Ymir turned completely toward Shirone, Seong-eum startled and shouted.

"Get up quickly! You need to either fight or run!"

"Go. I need to... Lian... Kido..."

Mun-gyeong shouted at Seong-eum.

"Your Highness! Let's retreat for now! The situation isn't good!"

Thanks to Shirone, they had prevented Ymir from breaking through once, but they couldn't expect to have a second chance.

'Right, we need to devise a new method.'

Having made her decision, Seong-eum cast Ether Wave.

"I will definitely save you! I can't end things while owing you like this! I'm taking you with me!"

Seong-eum, who had distorted Shirone's space, saw Shirone's eyes still filled with fighting spirit.

"Ugh!"

She couldn't take him away like this.

"Get up."

Canceling the Ether Wave, Seong-eum ran to Shirone and grabbed his shoulder to pull him.

"I said get up! You can't even fight!"

"Your, Your Highness..."

Mun-gyeong was stunned to see Seong-eum eliminate her own distance and drag Shirone.

"We're not running away! We'll take time to devise a method and then again..."

"I'm fine."

Shirone raised his head with a haggard complexion.

"Lian is protecting me, so I'm fine."

After checking on Lian, who was still motionless, Seong-eum turned her head again.

"That swordsman is dead too. No one can protect you."

"Then there's no choice."

"What?"

Shirone smiled bitterly.

"If my sword is broken... I have no choice but to die too."

The moment those words ended, Lian's shoulder, which had been lying there, twitched and convulsed.

"Li, Lian..."

Kido's voice was heard, and where Ymir looked back, Lian stood with his eyes rolled back, gritting his teeth.

"Don't... move a single step from there."

"Hehe."

Ymir's mouth split into a grin.

"Hahahaha! Hahahaha!"

Regardless of his prediction being correct, he was simply happy that he could fight a little more.

"Right, now I know the method."

He said as he approached Shirone and Seong-eum.

"So this guy is your ideal. Then I'll destroy him. I'll crush his limbs right before your eyes."

Ymir was certainly capable of doing so.

"In my heart..."

Lian, who had clenched his jaw until his teeth were about to crumble, put strength into his entire body and said.

"Establish the Kingdom of Conviction."

Crack! Crack!

As muscles throughout his body twisted and countless whirlpool patterns appeared on his skin, Kido's face turned pale.

"...Grant it."

Muscle formations unlike any creature climbed up his neck and grotesquely twisted even his facial muscles.

'A demon.'

That thought suddenly flashed through Seong-eum's mind.

"Very good! I'll just kill this guy right now and...!"

Before Ymir could finish speaking, his neck turned, and Lian's figure, which had struck his face, appeared belatedly.

'Right, that's how it was. That guy...'

A face from the distant past flashed through Ymir's mind as he recalled ancient pain.

'Was a yaksha.'

In the heavenly realm, yaksha are called demons.

"Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh!"

As a tremendous storm of fists raged and sparks exploded before his eyes, Ymir's vision was completely filled with white light.

'I too am the aggregate of over 10 billion humans.'

Humans really are strange.

'Having such weak bodies...'

Yet their hearts are endless.

'Loving destruction...'

They're strongest when protecting something.

'Ogent.'

Smille.

"Hahahaha!"

Ymir sensed the end of the match.

"It was a magnificent battle!"

At the same time he threw his punch with maximum force, Lian's eyes blazed intensely.

Divine Transcendence

Heart Fist Maha.

The heart strikes first.

'What is this?'

A scene where the entire world seemed to be sucked along with Lian's fist entered his view.

In the fleeting moment when the two fists collided head-on, Ymir realized something wonderful.

'Truly powerful force...'

Doesn't accompany pain.

BOOM!

The explosive sound of Ymir's torso on the side where he threw his punch being blown away shook Andre's labyrinth.