Electric Civilization (4)

Numerous firearms could be seen installed along the coastline of the Dionas Kingdom.

Beyond the jungle-like dense forest stood the royal castle, and natural-colored birds flew through the sky.

Sirone, aboard the Arachne sailing ship, first prohibited the refugees from approaching.

"There might be bombardment. Let's wait here for now, and I'll go up to land."

Just then, cannon fire erupted.

Sirone's group looked back, but what was shot into the sky were firecrackers filled with confetti.

Frivolous music followed, and a speedboat rapidly approached.

"Halt!"

The Arachne knights aboard the speedboat spoke with the pirates and returned.

"King Kalt of Dionas has sent a welcome letter. He says he will escort us to the royal castle."

Kerns, who read the letter, crumpled the paper.

"Hmph! How shameless. After sending his brother to attack us, now he wants to let us in?"

Sirone said.

"Perhaps he thought fighting on the sea was the only opportunity. Anyway, we're going. What will Arachne do?"

"...Of course we have to go. But we won't dock the sailing ship. We can't bring treasure when we don't know what tricks the enemy has up their sleeves."

Thus, a small team was formed consisting of Kerns and his attendant, Sirone and his apostles.

"I'm going too."

Rangi interjected.

"Please let me come along. I'll be helpful. First impressions are important, after all."

"You?"

In some sense, she was the most important tribute in the negotiation, so Kerns was displeased.

"This is enemy territory. If you're put in danger, we might find ourselves at a disadvantage in diplomatic warfare."

"That doesn't mean I think it's more comfortable here. The safest place is..."

Rangi hugged Sirone's arm.

"Right here, isn't it?"

Kerns looked dumbfounded but couldn't think of a proper rebuttal.

"Will it be alright?"

Sirone knew why she was willing to risk danger to follow along.

'To help me.'

Also, in Rangi's case, there was merit to saying the ship was more dangerous.

"Let's go together. We have Jakra in our hands anyway. I don't know how much value a hostage will have, though."

Thus, a total of 11 people boarded Dionas's speedboat and landed.

While crossing the jungle, they could see complex paths connecting trees with plywood.

There were countless small outposts, from which undisguisable killing intent emanated.

Poine smiled.

"Their hostility is embarrassing. Of course, we would have noticed even if they tried to hide it."

Due to the rough terrain, Rangi and Kerns had to receive magical assistance several times to reach the castle.

"This is the royal castle?"

It was a brick building that might have been fashionable 300 years ago, and its scale was about the size of a monastery in the central continent.

"His Majesty is a modest person. He pursues contentment in poverty without greed for wealth or power."

At the messenger's explanation, Poine laughed.

"Such a person orders the kidnapping of a beautiful maiden? Well, what meaning could a pirate's words have?"

"Do not insult His Majesty. If you carelessly try to read his thoughts, you won't escape death."

The feeling that this wasn't a lie could be seen by looking at the terror-stricken Jakra.

When the castle gates opened, pirates were lined up along a red carpet.

They certainly had the presence befitting a great pirate's subordinates, but Sirone focused on the figure before him.

"Kalt."

A man with disheveled red hair greeted them with his palms showing.

"Welcome, travelers who have come to this sanctuary of peace."

If ordinary people used whole-tone inflections, Kalt's inflection was mostly composed of semitones.

"Don't worry about anything. As long as I'm here, nothing will harm you."

That strange inflection was unpleasant, artistic, and like human trash.

"I am the Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower."

Sirone stepped forward.

"Your own brother, Jakra, attacked our ships. You need to explain this properly."

Kalt examined his brother with an indifferent gaze.

"You're not going to say you didn't know about it, are you? This guy confessed everything last night."

"Mmph! Mmph!"

Jakra, shaking his head even after breaking through mental techniques, was already out of his mind.

"Yes, I sent my brother. To welcome my soul mate Rangi."

Kalt, placing his hand on his chest, bowed his head.

"I can only be grateful that you've personally escorted her here. You're still beautiful, Rangi."

Rangi felt like electricity was running through her body.

"Oh, I see you've trimmed your bangs. About 2 centimeters, no, 2.3 centimeters."

While she didn't particularly dislike delicate men, when it went too far...

"Eyelashes. The thirteenth eyelash is curved about 0.7 degrees. Where did the fine hair that was 7.3 centimeters above your wrist go? That's my favorite hair."

Mental nausea was washing over her.

"You don't need to be afraid. I won't lay a hand on you. No, there's no need to."

Kalt's eyelids began to tremble.

"Because I'm already feeling it."

Slowly letting out a groan as if crawling out, he drooled and continued speaking.

"I feel everything. Your body, your reactions, even your thoughts... Ah, I just became one with you. Integration. What an amazing feeling."

Rangi's face was tearful.

'I hate it. I hate it even if I die.'

She wanted to grab Sirone right now and scream that she couldn't live with this person.

"Integration."

Sirone asked with a serious expression.

"What are you?"

The ability to see through everything about Rangi could be explained by electromagnetic field effects.

And that reminded him of a special sensory concept he knew.

'Ultima System.'

The ultimate sense would be electricity.

Indeed, hadn't the Ultima System he received at Babel also been in the form of electricity?

'If the universe was born from electricity, it's not strange that the ultimate sense is electricity.'

The one and only primordial one.

"Who am I?"

Kalt said.

"One who feels the waves of the entire universe. One who is nothing. I could be a god, or I could be mere fertilizer."

Sirone was certain.

'A state similar to when I absorbed the Ultima System at Babel. It's impossible to explain with just the five senses, but...'

He could feel it.

If that enormous feeling had dominated him for over 10 years, it was understandable that he wasn't in his right mind.

"Since you don't seem to know yourself, I'll tell you. Kalt, you're sick. You need treatment."

"Treatment? I'm sick?"

"Yes. It's probably because of the Oparts. I don't know how you got it, but that's what made you like this. I'll help you. That thing now... where is it?"

He meant it sincerely.

That was also why Kalt, who had never listened to anyone's words until now, fell silent.

"I'm sick..."

Not Sirone's voice, but the sensation felt through waves was conveying the truth.

The pirates raised their weapons.

"Your Majesty! Don't be deceived! These guys intend to steal the Oparts from us!"

In fact, they had never seen the Oparts.

It was just that everything had gone well since Kalt's personality changed 13 years ago.

"Oparts? Ah, you mean Mica."

Kalt reached out toward the air with a distant gaze.

"It's a beautiful place. Can you see it? It's here now too. It's floating around in this air."

Coming to his senses with a start, he looked back at Sirone.

"Do you want to see it? Shall I show you too?"

This time Poine stopped him.

"Messiah, this is dangerous. You shouldn't act before completely analyzing it."

It was reasonable advice, but Sirone's frequency was already resonating with Kalt's.

"I can go, to Mica?"

"No, it's not going. They're calling. Yes, it definitely feels like they're calling."

'They.'

Words uttered through the 5 senses could become something entirely new at the 11-sense level, but...

"Fine. I need to see it myself."

He thought there was no reason he couldn't go to a place Kalt had visited safely.

"Come this way."

When Kalt pressed his temples firmly, blue electricity began swirling from his eyes.

After a moment, he stuck out his tongue, and a thin rectangular metal plate was placed on it.

"What's that?"

The Arachne officials murmured, but Sirone didn't look particularly surprised.

'Living beings can't create machines. Therefore, quantum phenomena. Perhaps Kalt has...'

Already become an Oparts himself?

"Messiah, this is really dangerous. Please refrain from implanting foreign substances in your body."

"It's fine. It's just matter made with the 5 senses anyway. I should be able to control it."

Sirone examined the metal plate Kalt handed him and asked.

"What do I do now?"

"I don't know. Just... stick it in your head? That's what I did with my subordinates."

Sirone pressed the chip against the back of his ear.

'It's not going in.'

So he really had to drill through bone? Could that really be called a function?

"It's okay. Trust me."

Kalt's hazy eyes reduced trust, but Sirone put force into his fingers.

"Hup!"

Did he really drill through bone?

That didn't happen, but electricity flowed through the metal plate and penetrated Sirone's mind.

"Huk!"

Blue light flashed in the eyes of Sirone, who raised his head, and a magnetic field enveloped him.

"Messiah!"

Kaios and Poine, who threw themselves forward, felt a familiar shock and frowned.

"Krrgh!"

The feeling of his brain burning.

If this continued further, his memory would be damaged, but the two apostles reached out until the end.

"Me...ssi...ah..."

Just before Kaios's hand, wrapped in electricity, could touch Sirone, Kalt muttered.

"Meet them."

"Ahhhhh!"

The moment the two apostles threw their lives away, Sirone's body disappeared instantly.

"Where? Where did he go?"

Kaios, with his eyes tightly squeezed shut, pointed his sword at Kalt.

"This is your first and last chance. Where did the Messiah go? You better speak if you don't want to die."

"Well."

Kalt had a somewhat dejected expression.

"Probably... a terrible truth."

The super-ancient civilization Mica.

"Huk! Huk!"

Sirone waited until the blue tint that seemed to envelope his retinas disappeared.

When his vision cleared, he looked around.

"Mica."

He could be certain because it was unlike any region in Omega.

The terraced city had countless buildings standing like an actual civilization.

'This isn't a civilization.'

But when he actually entered the buildings, he couldn't find traces of anyone having lived there.

'This is... a kind of device.'

It felt like the entire city was a machine created for one purpose.

Reaching the center, curved horn-like towers stood side by side at 20 meters height.

"...I don't know."

Characters were carved along the towers, but he couldn't decipher any of them.

'The Ultima System doesn't work.'

Faced with decisive evidence that these were signals that didn't exist in the universe, Sirone shuddered.

'If there's an outside world...'

The closest imagination would be a higher layer implemented based on the mechanism of void, but...

'Actually, that's meaningless.'

Because no matter how endlessly you go down from reality, the end of imagination is ultimately reality.

'I won't know until I go see for myself.'

Sirone exhaled deeply.

'Let me get my head straight. What's there isn't important. What's really important is...'

Why does it exist?

"Huh?"

Like a distant memory, the city shook and electricity began flowing underground.

"Kugh!"

As he felt the current and gritted his teeth, a translucent curtain spread between the two towers.

Inside that curtain, a giant eye was watching Sirone.

To be continued in the next volume