Rage (2)

The tremendous sound faded beyond the mountains, and shortly after, screams of people could be heard.

"Damn it!"

Ozent kicked off the ground first and rushed out, with Smile following behind.

When they arrived, both the River Clan and Mountain Clan were all kneeling before an angel.

"You've come."

The angel, surrounded by first through third-tier Mara, turned around.

Though he had watched angels flying in the sky from a distance before, this was the first time confronting one so close.

'What is this?'

Even if all the most powerful monsters of land, sea, and air in Purgatory were combined, they seemed like they couldn't even reach the angel's toes.

"Ozent! Run!"

Damian, who was kneeling, shouted.

"Take Smile...! Gah!"

A first-tier Mara with a bronze, machine-like body stomped on Damian with its foot.

"Dad!"

When Smile arrived belatedly, Ozent immediately drew his sword and blocked her path.

"Stop, Smile. Stay behind me..."

Ozent stopped speaking with a shocked expression.

'When did...?'

Like an optical illusion, the angel's form disappeared, and before he knew it, it was standing behind Smile, gripping her shoulder.

"Hmm, quite impressive."

Ozent was afraid.

Not afraid of dying to the angel, but afraid of this world, of the tide of predetermined time.

'I want to run away.'

From everything.

"I am Ailope, Angel of Justice." Though the voice came from behind, the angel had already returned to its original position with Smile.

"I have come to Purgatory to find a subject for the Art of Apotheosis."

"The Art of Apotheosis?"

Through the mouths of heretics, they too knew what the Art of Apotheosis was.

"Then doesn't that mean death?"

Ailope made a displeased expression.

"It is to preserve Heaven's laws. You too are beings under the law. Sacrifice your lowly bodies and participate in protecting the world."

The war between Heaven and Gaia was not yet over.

Though they had developed the Art of Apotheosis to weaken the Ultima System, Ymir was the only giant to reach the 10th stage.

'In this state, even the 7th stage is difficult.'

To oppose the Gaians, more perfect materials were needed, and what Ankera sought was someone with an absolutely unshakeable mind.

"But why Smile?"

"This child's aura fascinates me. But do not worry. I shall examine her carefully from now on."

Ailope's sacred light body expanded into a halo as her Judicial Wheel emitted brilliant multicolored light.

While everyone else watched in a daze, only Ozent gritted his teeth at the unapproachable perfection.

"Graaah!"

"Oh?"

The Mara turned to look at him.

"You can sense the wheel?"

Not only sensing it but enduring it - even Ailope looked at him with curiosity.

"Hmm."

For now, finding subjects was the priority.

As the Judicial Wheel activated, Smile's body was surrounded by a bluish aura.

Befitting a direct subordinate of Cariel, Archangel of Birth, she could scan every part of a living being.

"This is?"

Having finished the scan, Ailope was so surprised she even forgot about Ozent's existence as he sensed the wheel.

'98 percent match with the standard.'

In other words, if she entered the Art of Apotheosis, there was a 48 percent chance she would reach the 10th stage.

"There's no need to search for other subjects."

Though she had scanned tens of thousands of subjects in Purgatory, cases exceeding 70 percent could be counted on one hand.

"We will take this human." For the family, it was tantamount to a death sentence, so Damian cried out with a pale face.

"Please spare her! She's a child about to be married soon. Take me instead!"

"Lowly beings cannot do what they wish. Consider it an honor to become a subject of noble magic."

"Ugh!"

Though Purgatory was free from Ankera's rule, the existence of angels as gods could not be denied.

'Smile... being dragged to Heaven?'

Ozent just watched the people who could only bow their heads and say nothing.

Even Lerd, who had promised a future with Smile, was just trembling with fear.

"No."

Ozent took a step forward.

"Who gave you permission to take Smile..."

"It is God's command."

Ailope, who declared this, gestured with her chin.

"Deal with him."

The very fact that a human could endure the wheel was displeasing.

The first-tier Mara Bronze Golem transformed its eight arms into hand axes and charged at Ozent.

Though it was a momentary situation, everyone present felt their hearts sink.

Death.

In the process of killing that even Bronze Golem didn't doubt, only Ozent remained calm.

'Slowly. More slowly.'

Feeling the speed far inferior to the angel's movement, Ozent took one step forward.

Bronze Golem's body split in half, and smoke rose from its hollow interior.

"Ugh!"

Though the body hastily closed, Bronze Golem's knees buckled as most of its fuel had already leaked out.

Everyone was stunned by the unexpected situation, but more frightening was the fact that he had attacked a Mara.

Killing intent filled Ailope's eyes.

"Avatar Arts."

For a human to cut Bronze Golem with a man-made sword was impossible without divine transcendence.

"Smile cannot be taken. Please forgive me."

The fact that a human had cut a Mara meant no words could persuade Ailope.

"A lowly human like you!"

When Ailope thrust her fist forward, a bang erupted and Ozent's body was pushed back to the village entrance.

"Graaah!"

Confirming the long scratched footprints carved into the ground, Ailope's face turned cold.

"Blocked it?"

He had blocked an angel's attack.

Since it was a being of incomparable strength, from a different dimension entirely, the shock the clans received was tremendous.

'Was he that strong?'

The one thing Damian couldn't understand was how he could have endured with such power.

If he had wanted, he could have turned his back on the clan at any time and ruled the world.

'I've never once swung my sword with such intentions.'

Ozent was frustrated.

'If I just keep swinging my sword without rest...'

Maybe happy days would come to me too.

"Please."

Ozent shed tears.

"Forgive me. Just once, please spare Smile. Please don't take her away."

"Brother..."

Even while facing mortal danger, Smile looked at Ozent with pity instead.

'I can't win. I can't beat this.'

It was a conviction he realized after exchanging one bout with the angel.

"I'll gladly accept any punishment, so please don't take Smile. Take me instead..."

"Shut up."

Ailope glanced at Smile.

"What is this child to you that you go this far? A good future as a human awaits you." By angelic standards, Ozent's current swordsmanship was among the upper ranks even among Gaians.

"Smile is..."

As Ozent's mouth opened, several people tensed up and focused their eyes.

"My younger sister."

It was better for him to hurt than to wound someone else.

"Is that so?"

Ailope sneered as if she understood human psychology without needing to look into it.

"I've thought of a punishment for you." Ailope gave instructions to the Mara positioned on her left and right.

"Make him unable to move."

Though it hurt their pride to subdue one human, it was an angel's command so they had no choice but to obey.

The second-tier Mara with a bull's face kicked Ozent, beginning a merciless beating.

'Endure it. If I just endure this, it'll be fine.'

An ordinary human would have already been crushed, but the power of divine transcendence was stronger than expected.

The more this happened, the more hurt the Mara's pride became, and their force grew stronger, until the sound of bones breaking could be heard from within his body.

'Yes, beat me all you want. Beat me more.' If they beat him to their satisfaction, if that relieved their anger, they would release Smile.

If he writhed miserably on the ground, they would grant his wish out of pity.

'I'm pathetic.'

That's what Ozent thought.

"Truly remarkable."

When Ailope gave a signal, Ozent was grabbed by the Mara's hands and forcibly made to stand.

'Such Avatar Arts.'

In terms of technique alone, he was a unique existence throughout not only Heaven but all of Purgatory.

"But your vessel is truly small." He had no conviction.

Even without scanning, she could tell such tendencies would only serve as fodder for the Art of Apotheosis.

"Smile... Smile..."

Ailope, looking at Ozent with contempt, activated her Judicial Wheel and extended her hand.

"I shall thoroughly expose your narrow heart. That is the punishment I give you."

"Please forgive me, please..."

When Ailope activated the Judicial Wheel, the color drained from Ozent's face.

"No. Not that..."

The moment bluish light rippled around Ozent's body, Smile approached.

"Stop."

"Child, are you also making light of an angel?"

"If you don't stop, I'll kill myself."

The Judicial Wheel quickly returned to its sacred light body.

"Hmm."

According to information already confirmed through scanning, Smile was certainly someone who could take her own life.

"Don't touch anyone. Then I'll obediently follow your will. That's my only condition."

Though it was unpleasant to wrangle with humans, Archangel Cariel's work took priority.

"Let's go."

When the Mara released Ozent, he collapsed to his knees and lifted his head weakly.

"Smile, no. If you leave like this..."

"It's okay, brother."

Smile knelt on one knee and stroked Ozent's battered cheek.

"This happening... it's rather fortunate."

"What?"

Ozent couldn't think of anything.

"I'm sorry. Be happy..."

Before Smile could finish speaking, Ailope's wheel spun rapidly and a pillar of light shot up.

"Smile."

Faced with the situation of her disappearing before his eyes like a lie, Ozent stared blankly up at the sky.

'Rather fortunate?'

Could dying be a fortunate thing?

"Ah..."

Ozent finally realized.

"Sob, sob..."

Bloody tears leaked from his bloodshot eyes, and it felt like everything in the world was collapsing.

'Knowing everything... knowing it all, how could she...'

Smile accepted everything.

'How could she smile at me?'

No one yet noticed the tremendous rage of unknown origin compressing in Ozent's stomach.

"Sorry, but it would be best to consider the marriage as never having happened."

At the Mountain Clan's words, Damian could only close his mouth with a sorrowful expression.

'It's a disaster. Just one of those things.' If a person had killed her, he would kill that person; if she had been taken by a beast, he would have turned the mountain into ruins.

'She received Heaven's call. There's nothing that can be done.'

Among the Mountain Clan people quickly trying to leave the scene, Lerd's muttering could be heard.

"Tch, if I'd known this would happen, I should have yesterday..."

Though it was a sound no one could hear, it thundered louder than anything in Ozent's ears.

"What did you say?"

When Ozent staggered to his feet, Damian stopped him.

"Don't get up. You need to rest."

He was literally in no condition to even walk, and Lerd snorted seeing his state.

"A piece of trash like you, who do you think... Gah!"

Without even taking a step, Ozent arrived in front of Lerd and grabbed his head.

'Where does such strength come from...'

Though all five fingers were broken, it hurt enough to crush his head.

"Aaaaah!"

When Lerd couldn't endure it and writhed in agony, the Mountain Clan drew their weapons and charged.

"Ozent! No!"

The moment Damian's words ended, Lerd's head burst with a crushing sound.