**Finally Human (4)**

Vulcan gritted his teeth and muttered.

"This is somewhat humiliating."

Currently, Hell's army was positioned in the mountain range 60 kilometers away from the Abyss Cliff.

'To think it had that much power.'

As Havitz had theorized, just because something could tear the fabric of the universe didn't mean it was as strong as the universe itself.

'The definition of transcendence is surpassing the system.' In the end, transcendence by human standards merely meant exceeding the limits of the biological realm.

'But that woman is different.'

The power that destroyed the Abyss Cliff was approaching the natural system, beyond the biological system.

'It wouldn't have been possible from the beginning. When facing Natasha, such power didn't emerge.'

What could be the mechanism?

'Dying light, anger, special laws...' While analyzing Son Yoo-jung's mechanism, a commotion arose from Havitz's direction.

"Your Majesty! Please calm down!"

Havitz, kneeling on the ground, was making a sinister smile while clenching his ten fingers with force.

"How dare... destroy Sheol?"

Every time the purple smoke rising from his body flickered like heat haze, the demons suffered.

"Graaahhh!"

A kind of chaos period.

If gathered together, he would become Satan's incarnation, but currently he was in such a state of rage that he couldn't maintain his form.

'This is the first time I've seen Havitz make such an expression. Why? Is Sheol that important?'

Only Havitz knew exactly about the 12 apostles who remained at 0.666 seconds.

"Stabilize yourself, Satan."

A woman passed in front of Vulcan and spoke.

Less than 150 centimeters tall, her hair was black as pitch while her face was pale.

The pupils in her abnormally large eyes gave off a feeling of insanity, even though there was nothing particularly special to find.

"Paimon."

9th Corps Commander Paimon, her demonic realm was Pathogen.

Originally she had served as strategist for Hell's army, but now she had lost the position of chief strategist to Vulcan.

'Is she still jealous?'

The fact that she spoke up despite Havitz being far away was because she was conscious of Vulcan.

'This time it can't be helped though.'

Without Paimon's ability, the scale of damage from the earthquake would have been much greater.

She raised the corners of her mouth toward Vulcan and spread her fingers like a blooming flower bud.

"Irregular Ban."

It was an ability that isolated a specific space and then absorbed the mobility of those trapped within.

'Certainly convenient for a strategist.' Except for the cruel aspect.

'By isolating 6 million demon troops, she moved the remaining forces 60 kilometers.'

She was also the one who previously minimized the infection from Minerva's magic Walking Dead.

"Just by looking at your expression, I can tell what you want to say. But this is a theory and ability created by humans."

Paimon's smile wrinkled.

"Yes, that's right. Despite being weak, their cunning is outstanding. This thing called 'irregular' is quite interesting."

Only insane humans could become irregular, but for demons it wasn't particularly problematic.

The fact that she had already abandoned 6 million allies without hesitation was already irregular.

Paimon waved her hand.

"Taking interest in humans is also demonic entertainment. Anyway, keep watching, failed chief strategist."

As she moved away toward Havitz, Natasha quietly approached and asked Vulcan.

"Should I kill her?"

"No. Let's observe for now. Right now Satan's influence seems stronger than Havitz's."

Paimon whispered something to Havitz, who was muttering incessantly.

"......"

Havitz blinked and looked back, and Paimon smiled as coldly as a blade.

"It will be very interesting."

"Kekeke."

Havitz's chaos merged into one as a giant incarnation of Satan surged forth.

"Kahahahaha! Kahahahaha!"

"What did he hear to act like that?"

Natasha asked while watching from afar, but Vulcan just rested his chin in thought and couldn't give any answer.

'Of course I'm... not a good person.' He was someone who had killed hundreds of millions thinking to win the unprecedented game called World War.

'I've done every bad thing humans can do.'

How bored must Havitz have been to realize the link while only examining the pupils of dying corpses.

"But Havitz is excited to die?"

When Natasha turned her head, sweat was flowing down Vulcan's temples.

"I'm really a bad guy... but why?"

"This time, demonic creativity feels ominous."

"Kekekeke! Kekekeke!"

Paimon was glancing at Vulcan while laughing with her eyes rolled up and covering her mouth.

***

Iruki jumped up and shouted.

"Let's think once more!"

The commanders looked back in surprise, and Aromi hurriedly approached him.

"Chief Strategist?"

Iruki's eyes snapped open.

"Ah."

The thoughts that kept circling in his head had burst out of his mouth without him realizing.

'Tremendous stress.'

While understandable emotionally, revealing the chief strategist's inner thoughts was problematic in a different sense.

"I'm sorry."

Iruki honestly confessed.

"Baska is an overpopulated area. If an elemental bomb explodes there..."

He didn't even want to imagine it.

"Baska is Tormia's capital. And it's also where Chief Strategist's Mercorn family is located."

"That's—"

A commander cut off his words.

"We know it's not for that reason you're conflicted. We feel the same way. What we want to say is, ultimately it's something the Chief Strategist must choose."

'I have to choose.'

It was a situation where the lives of everyone residing in Baska would be decided by a single gesture of his.

'What would father have done?'

Would Mercorn Albino have abandoned the capital's citizens for humanity's survival?

'That's impossible.'

He would have found a solution in any situation.

'Of course, he wouldn't have found one.'

What he realized in that contradiction was that ultimately, even such thoughts were useless delusions.

'Throughout human history, only I am experiencing this situation. There's not even a comparison.'

That's why the commanders had handed over full authority.

'No, there is one.'

Shirone.

Yahweh of universal love would understand the situation and feelings Iruki faced.

'So that's how it was, Shirone.'

Iruki's eyes reddened.

'Carrying this nonsensical thing on your shoulders, you were fighting.'

Seeing him show emotion, the commanders called out worriedly.

"Chief Strategist."

Iruki raised his head without wiping his tears.

"Leave me be."

He was smiling a smile of resignation.

"Before becoming a mass murderer of the ages, I should be allowed to shed a hypocrite's tears, shouldn't I?"

Aromi's face turned tearful.

'This can't be.'

Her duty was to keep the chief strategist's reasoning coldly maintained, but honestly, this was too much.

"Chief Strategist, if it's that hard..."

"No."

Iruki gave his orders.

"There will be no reversal of strategy. We will lure the demons to Baska."

I'm sorry, Shirone.

'This is all I can choose.'

Because Shirone wouldn't be able to do it.

"Please call Tormia's Magic Association President. Oh, and the administrator of 'Rope' as well."

Tormia's top secret encryption system, Rope.

"Lufist... and Dante, you mean?"

"Yes."

Iruki's tears had already dried.

"In the name of Valkyrie's Chief Strategist, I approve the opening of biochemical project 'Flower Garden'."

***

In the dim night.

When Amy, who had been devoted to solo training, entered the cabin, Sura was waiting.

"You're bustling around quite well. Your body must be completely recovered now?"

"More or less. How's Nane?"

"Why do you care about that?"

Nane was kind, but Sura revealed her prickly personality more as time passed.

Amy could guess the reason, but wasn't certain and didn't want to think about it.

"I'm leaving tomorrow morning." Sura's eyes widened slightly.

"I thought it would be good to say goodbye in advance. Since I received so much help. Where is he now?"

"...At the hill behind the vegetable garden." Amy turned and walked toward the door.

"Right. Thanks for everything too." Sura stopped her.

"Why do you want to fight?"

"What do you mean?"

"You know now too. Buddha is right. In a world where everything is ultimately empty, why are you so obsessed?"

Amy looked at the door and spoke.

"A man who loved me died in terrible pain. To save me."

Corporal Berrick.

"When you die, it's over, right? Love or whatever, you can never meet again. But that person chose death. When I asked why he did that, that person said..."

Amy turned her head.

"He wanted to become an incredibly cool man."

Looking at her face smiling with sad eyes, Sura closed her mouth.

"Humans die eventually. But just because the ending is the same doesn't mean the process is the same too. He died, but he's still alive in my heart."

"Alive..." Sura recalled the last words of Verون, head of the Ten Commandments.

Live on.

"That's why I fight. Even if it's ultimately empty, even if this universe disappears..."

Amy opened the door.

"My ending will be more beautiful than yours."

The sound of the door closing wasn't loud, but to Sura's ears it sounded like thunder.

Amy left the cabin and climbed the hill along the familiar mountain path.

Nane was sitting with grass in his mouth.

"...Was being with me that uncomfortable?"

He seemed to already know.

"I'm grateful for the kindness. But my body has recovered, and I have mountains of things to do."

"I know you'll be busy." Nane pointed beyond the scenery.

"Do you see it? Just a while ago, an evil energy was born at the largest scale in history."

Amy turned her head.

"I don't see anything?"

"I can see it, the hell that will unfold in this world from now on. It won't be a level humans can endure. It will be more painful than death."

Nane turned his head.

"I must end it."

Knowing he wasn't someone to deceive with lies, Amy couldn't argue either.

"I've been thinking for several days."

Amy sat down next to Nane.

"You said you would love me. How about it, do you think you could still love me now?"

"I admit it. It's not as easy as it sounds. But I've realized many things."

True Buddha is not extremism.

"No matter where you go, you're ultimately human. Therefore, you return to being human and transcend everything."

Nane's heart beat rapidly as he gazed at Amy.

"The me from the beginning and the me now are different. Now I can understand. I truly..."

"What if I came to you?"

Nane's mouth closed.

"If I loved you instead of Shirone, could you fight to protect this world?" If that could make the world happy, if war could disappear and everyone could survive...

'Amy's love.'

Nane's thoughts raced at tremendous speed.

'I would be happy. Yes. If you stayed by my side, I would want to protect this world too.'

Almost no time had passed.

'Ah.'

Even when he had delved into the truths of the universe, he didn't seem to have been caught up in so much anguish.

'Shirone.'

For the first time, he envied Shirone, who could include Amy in his life of universal love.

"I..."

Nane contorted his face and spoke.

"I am dedicated to the salvation of all beings. I love you, but I cannot turn away from those who suffer."

"I see."

Amy smiled with sympathy.

She seemed to understand why Shirone left his loved ones and why Nane couldn't compromise.

That level of conviction.

'But now I'm the same way.'

Amy offered a handshake.

"Take care. Thank you. It might sound strange to say this... but I hope you see it through."

"Haha."

Nane laughed and clasped her hand.

"Yes. You too. I really hope you see it through."

Even though there could only be one victor in the end.