Age of Chaos (2)

The strange bird Kai-Dra swiftly crossed the desert, releasing a sharp cry into the sky.

'Havitz has become Satan.'

The true identity of the strange bird was Ratussa, and the person riding on its back was Wuorin, the Empress of Kashan.

The project that was the only way to eliminate absolute evil had failed, and she had suffered from fever for three days.

When her condition didn't recover, she kicked off her blankets and went riding to change her mood.

'I actually failed.'

Her head throbbed again, and her heart, which had endured eons of history, beat as if it would burst.

The aftermath of failing to eliminate Havitz spread throughout the entire world, and Kashan also suffered massive damage.

'Is an unknowable future really this frustrating?'

The real reason for her fever was that this problem wouldn't simply end here.

'What should I do from now on?'

According to Mitochondrial Eve's calculations, Kashan would fall and Wuorin would meet a miserable fate.

'Sirone won't be able to protect us.'

While universal love encompasses everything, he wouldn't use his power for Kashan's glory.

'Gaold won't do.'

He had only one person.

'Buddha has disappeared, and goodness has weakened. Miro won't be able to handle absolute evil.'

A terrifying thought arose in her mind.

'Havitz. Absolute evil.'

The path for Kashan to continue its glory was to join hands with Gustav, as Gando had said.

'If I become absolute evil, I can endure.'

For Mitochondrial Eve, who thinks not of individual life, it would be such an easy decision, but...

'Sirone.'

If that happened, the beautiful ending with her beloved would be forever ruined.

"What am I supposed to do!"

The reason she came outside was because she couldn't let anyone hear her human-like screams in the name of Theraje.

"What am I supposed to do!"

As Wuorin's cry was carried away by the wind, a dark swarm approached from the sky.

'Demons.'

Kai-Dra hastily lowered altitude and flew low over the sand, but it seemed it was already too late.

"A human! Catch her!"

The 24th Flying Brigade belonging to the 16th Corps of Hell's army spotted Wuorin and immediately changed direction.

"Damn insects!"

Organte, the 2nd Division Commander of the 16th Corps, was a demon with a massive body covered in gray-white carapace.

"Die!"

His specialty was plunging his tube-like long tongue into the ground to create shockwaves in all directions.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

As sand shot up 10 meters high, the corpses of dead demons tumbled and spun in the air.

"You can't catch me."

Kido, his tattered cloak fluttering as he moved out of range, lowered his body's center to the ground.

"Earth Spirit."

The desert writhed like a swamp, and Organte's tongue appeared twisted in knots.

"You bastard!"

Countless spikes shot out from Organte's carapace and charged forward like arrows.

Kido adjusted his glasses and muttered.

"Probably won't taste good anyway."

To him, who had mastered the laws of the earth, land had a completely different meaning than it did to other creatures.

Like a shark dragging a lion into the sea, like a bird dragging a whale into the sky.

'Becoming one with the earth.'

To Kido, who was the earth itself, everything moving on land was like ants on his palm.

"Urgh! What is this?"

The ground seemed to surge like waves, and before he knew it, Kido had circled behind Organte and swung his spear.

Crossing his thick carapace-covered arms in an X, the blade struck with a thud.

"Heh heh heh! Your speed is decent, but your strength is lacking. You can't cut me with that weapon."

With the blade pressed against him, Kido said:

"It's not touching."

"What?"

"What we perceive as collision is actually just electromagnetic repulsion, you know."

Nothing can truly touch.

"Electrons are distributed probabilistically, and that probability field surrounds atoms. In other words, collision doesn't occur at the particle level."

Avatar Art.

Dominion of Origin.

As he exerted extreme concentration, Kido's eyes sank as if being drawn into an abyss.

"So if I find the probability that my blade's atoms pass between your carapace's atoms..."

The blade began to penetrate through the carapace.

"Hey, wait a minute."

Organte's expression turned absurd.

"Hold on! This doesn't make sense! What kind of fighting is this!"

Even trying to escape, tremendous gravitational force bound his legs, making him unable to move.

"Damn! That's cheating! Let's fight again!"

The blade that passed through Organte's arms finally reached his crown.

"It's not without drawbacks. This is quite difficult. Plus it's very slow."

As if hot matter had touched him, the demon's face steadily split in two.

"Ahhhhh! No! No... gak!"

Only after the blade passed through his face and reached his neck did Kido release his superhuman concentration.

"Phew."

Organte's body collapsed forward with a thud.

"Where..."

Kido tore flesh from the corpse with his fingernails, looked up, and squeezed out blood.

Blood dripped onto his tongue, and through 'Taste of Memory,' the demon's memories seeped in.

"...You must have loved once too."

This was from before becoming a demon.

"What is love?"

Kido, who had been lost in thought while looking up at the sky, suddenly lowered his head and laughed, his shoulders shaking.

"Hee hee hee! What good does it do to talk like a human?"

He still couldn't perfectly understand Sirone.

"Right, I'm still immature."

Standing up abruptly, he spun his spear.

"Since I've acknowledged my shortcomings..."

That would be the most difficult thing.

"Now all that's left is to move forward."

As he shook off his troubles and turned around, he felt a tremor from the horizon.

"What's this now?"

"Kahahaha! What a windfall. The human I met by chance was Kashan's Empress!"

Over two hundred demons from the 24th Flying Brigade surrounded Wuorin and Ratussa in a circle.

"Hmph, what if some lowly demons discover me?"

As Ratussa made threatening cries, Wuorin drew the sword attached to her saddle.

"Well. An Empress would naturally be different from common humans, but..."

Brigade Commander Dalmang, with straight horns on both temples, raised his massive serrated greatsword.

"Wouldn't that make her a delicacy?"

Killing intent gleamed in Wuorin's eyes.

'Can I handle them? It's close.'

Though she had mastered countless techniques as Mitochondrial Eve, the body inevitably changed through generations.

'I haven't internalized them.'

In the end, no matter how high the level of technique, there was a limit to the combat power she could produce.

"Attack! We must vent our frustration with Kashan here! Capture her alive!"

Winged demons attacked Ratussa, and Dalmang charged forward, swinging his serrated greatsword like a windmill.

"Hmph! Try to catch me if you can!"

As Wuorin combined magic and avatar arts to fight back, an intense battle unfolded.

"Oh? Not bad?"

A yaksha's body with avatar arts of wisdom and powerful magic exploded, but Dalmang was relaxed.

"Heh, tired already?"

She had never neglected training, but real combat was different from practice, and her stamina depleted quickly.

'This body is really weak. Did I focus too much on aesthetic standards?'

She almost resented her predecessor.

Kiiiiiiiii!

At Kai-Dra's cry, she turned her head to see numerous demons stabbing spears into its body.

"Ratussa!"

"Where do you think you're going?"

As Dalmang swung his serrated sword at Wuorin as she turned, a sharp sound was heard.

Piririririri!

The unique sound wave from the spear's holes was minor, but Wuorin remembered everything.

'This sound is?'

Something rolled at incredible speed, invisible to the eye, and Dalmang's head was instantly severed.

"Brigade Commander!"

As the demons cried out, a wheel's shadow made a large sweep of the area.

Dozens of demons were cut to pieces, and finally Kido revealed himself.

"Well, human female emperor. Long time no see."

As Kido smiled sharply and adjusted his glasses, Wuorin's eyes narrowed.

"Why are you here?"

"Let's talk later. First, let's clean up."

Though demons came in various types, Kido's combat experience from wandering the desert was equally extensive.

"One, two, three, four, five!"

As demons died rapidly at the speed he counted aloud, the winged ones flew up into the sky.

"He's no ordinary opponent! Attack from the sky!"

"Arrogant demons."

Kido spun like a top and rolled across the desert on his back.

"You who eat what comes from the earth..."

Avatar Art, Earth Spirit.

"Why do you rely on the sky?"

As if invisible hands rose from the ground to grab their ankles, the demons were dragged to the ground.

"Ahhhhh! What is this!"

It felt like having a one-ton iron ball attached.

"Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut."

The spear rotated, the body rotated, and Wuorin watched in a daze as the world seemed to rotate.

'He's gotten stronger.'

The self-proclaimed Goblin King was displaying a completely different presence than when he had faced Pungzhang.

"Cut, cut, huh?"

In the middle of the desert, among the dismembered demon corpses, only Kido was spinning.

Kido bounced up from his rolling state and planted both feet on the desert sand.

"Heave!"

As he stopped in front of Wuorin, a cloud of dust spread and covered her entire body.

"Puhahaha! Traditional goblin makeup!"

Applying mud when fighting was a goblin tradition.

"Anyway..."

Wuorin asked while brushing off the dust.

"Why are you here?"

Instead of answering, Kido turned around, tore flesh from the brigade commander, put it in his mouth, and chewed.

Wuorin's brow furrowed slightly.

"I'm training to gain enlightenment. Doesn't the human king know that?"

Of course she knew, but she hadn't particularly paid attention.

"What kind of enlightenment?"

"Love."

Kido approached.

"Goblins are strong, but they don't love like humans. I'm searching for love that transcends the bonds of feeding and breeding."

When protecting Sirone in Andre's Labyrinth, Kido had felt human emotion for the first time.

"Hmm, for someone seeking that, you seem to enjoy eating demon meat a bit too much."

"Hahaha! Of course. I have to eat to live."

It seemed he was still far from reaching enlightenment.

'How barbaric.'

Since Kido wore no pants, the goblin's member dangled between his legs.

'It's quite big. Though he's short.'

Feeling Wuorin's gaze, Kido didn't feel uncomfortable but proudly thrust out his hips.

"King of goblins, after all."

"...Anyway, thank you. Since you helped me, I'll reward you. Tell me if there's something you want."

"I don't want anything. If anything, it would be true love? But you can't give me that, can you?"

Wuorin looked at Kido's lower region once more, then shook her head in horror.

"That's a bit much for me. Should I introduce you to a human woman?"

"Haha! No need! I'll find my own love. And it doesn't necessarily have to be human."

Kido turned and waved his hand.

"Have a pleasant journey. Watch out for demons."

"Wait."

Wuorin's eyes sparkled.

'He could be useful.'

Kido was strong, Sirone's friend, and most importantly, had the ability called 'Taste of Memory.'

"Won't you come to the imperial palace with me?"

"Imperial palace?"

Kido's lips parted slightly.