[616] The Hottest Place (5)

It happened in an instant, and Shirone's decision was just as resolute.

Magic that gave mass to light, an ability that bypassed the mana control device - only after witnessing what he had destroyed did the students realize the reality of the situation.

"Are you insane! Do you know what that was that you destroyed!"

"Arrogant bastard! If you were going to destroy it anyway, you could have given it to someone else!"

Shirone looked back at the students.

"And what would that accomplish?"

"A certified mage license! A Magic Association employee ID!"

As Rouphist had said, only 5 out of 150 people could normally obtain such a thing.

Putting one of those five cards up as an event prize could be called revolutionary, but Shirone had no regrets.

"Then what about all the effort we've put in for the past year? Did we undergo grueling training just to get a single certificate here?"

"What sophistry! The reason for making effort is to produce results. And you tore up those results right before our eyes!"

"It was mine, so I can do whatever I want with it."

The annex fell into silence.

"The real result is building skills worthy of the certificate. This was never yours to begin with."

"That doesn't mean you can call it yours either."

Curtis stepped forward.

"I don't know how you bypassed the mana control device, but wasn't there some kind of deal involved?"

Shirone's eyebrows twitched.

"What are you talking about?"

"You had a private meeting with the Association President. And you're one of the most famous students in the kingdom. Can you reveal what was discussed there?"

"It's personal business. I have no reason to tell you."

"No, now you do. An exceptional privilege of a certified mage license. And you're the only one who bypassed the mana control device. Isn't that certainly suspicious? It seems like this entire event was set up just for you."

The students rose up in protest.

"That's right! I knew something was strange! Tell us what the Association President said to you!"

Iruki stepped forward.

"Shirone destroyed the certified mage license. That's proof there was no deal."

"That's not believable either. Either way, you've produced an outstanding result in front of the graduating classes of the kingdom's five prestigious schools. This could serve as grounds for favoritism in some way."

Shirone shook his head.

"That's delusional. This event's rule is that only those who can bypass the mana control device can obtain the certificate. Don't be intimidated and focus properly. The current security level of the annex isn't that high."

"Who do you think hasn't tried? Right now, besides you, who else has bypassed the mana control device? This is definitely a scam!"

"How insulting."

From where the slimy voice was heard, a clear sound wave spread with a *ting* as ice magic was cast.

Where the startled students turned their heads, there was Frings, floating ice crystals above his hand.

"Ma... magic..."

With Frings' senses that could even detect and evade the form of Spirit Zone, he could sufficiently bypass the current level of security devices.

"Just because one doesn't do something doesn't mean one can't. Isn't scavenging on the ground rather undignified?"

Druze Frings (Final Graduation Ranking: 22nd Place)
Major: Freezing branch of ice magic
Special Notes: Hypersensitive perception. Pervert. Leader of the Hide-and-Seek Research Society.

Then the students finally began to take Shirone's words seriously.

"This is the Magic Association."

As Fermi stepped forward and raised his index finger, a flame flickered to life at his fingertip.

"Which means the Association is watching us. Is it really okay to stand there so stupidly? If you don't pass the cutline, you'll never be able to enter the Magic Association, dead or alive."

Those who had been obsessed only with the certified mage license finally realized the true intent of this event.

'I need to show them success.'

Without anyone taking the lead, they concentrated and attempted to enter Spirit Zone.

But even after 30 seconds passed, no one succeeded.

'It's not working! I can't enter Spirit Zone!'

Even Curtis, ranked 1st at the Royal Magic School, found the difficulty impossible.

'This can't be right. Three people from Alpheas have already succeeded...'

Did it make sense that he couldn't do it?

"There's some kind of trick!"

Curtis shouted angrily.

"You're all conspiring to deceive us! I'm ranked 1st at the Royal Magic School!"

"Interpretation of truth varies according to one's limitations."

When Curtis turned around, there was a giant man resembling an orangutan playing cat's cradle.

It was Congo from Alpheas Magic School's graduating class.

"What are you? Just playing with string...!"

Curtis stopped speaking when he realized the string wrapped around Congo's hands was steel wire.

Though his movements were delicate, every time he bent the steel to create new patterns, the muscles in both his arms bulged prominently.

"Hehe, just string play? Don't think what you know is everything. From someone else's perspective, it might sound like delusion."

The wire twisted grotesquely between Congo's palms, then formed a beautiful rose pattern.

Big Congo (Final Graduation Ranking: 6th Place)
Major: Projectile branch of steel magic
Special Notes: Shape-memory special alloy synthesis

As students from Alpheas Magic School succeeded in concentration one by one, the other students' faces flushed red.

'What exactly is this place?'

It felt like winners and losers were being divided across an invisible boundary between possible and impossible.

"Did you bypass it too?"

At Canis's question, Arin nodded.

"Yeah. It's not a very complex structure, but it's not simple enough for just anyone to do. Still, quite a few people from our school have succeeded. They're just not showing it off like me."

Her clairvoyance swept over the faces of friends who had succeeded in bypassing, then stopped at one composed of a network of light.

"Pathetic."

When Dante slammed down his glass with a *thud*, everyone turned their heads.

"Give up the concentration that's not working anyway, and think about what kind of treatment you're receiving. Even if this is the Association, evaluating us is the scouts' exclusive right. How about valuing yourselves a bit more?"

Curtis growled.

"You haven't been able to do anything either until now! Do you think talking like that makes you look cool?"

"At least I don't look pathetic. Unlike you idiots, I know what I need to fight against."

"What you need to fight against?"

As Dante entered Spirit Zone, a seven-layered magic circle with seven concentric circles was born.

"The security of the currently operating mana control device uses a multi-substitution cipher from the old generation. Once you understand the mechanism, you can disable it easily enough."

The codes that had been rotating in different directions suddenly stopped and disappeared with a flash of light.

Warning. Warning. Unauthorized informational attack detected in 1st floor annex.

Warning lights flashed and the Association announcer's broadcast followed.

Level 3 security device has been disabled. Responsible personnel please inspect immediately. I repeat. The Level 3 security device in the 1st floor annex is currently...

The students' mouths hung open upon hearing the broadcast, and Amy approached Dante with blazing eyes.

"You crazy bastard! How could you hack the Association's security facilities!"

"It doesn't matter. They seemed to be expecting this anyway."

Dante was that irritated.

"I don't care if you fight among yourselves, but don't lump me in and make me look cheap. If you want to evaluate me, you'll need to follow proper procedures."

This was a message to the Meta System that was probably enjoying this situation.

"Cheap? You called us cheap?"

Curtis glared at Dante's retreating back.

"Wait. That statement you just made - apologize to everyone."

"Apologize?"

Dante turned his head.

"You just insulted all the graduating classes of the kingdom's five prestigious schools. If I can't get an apology here, I won't back down either."

As flames flared up in Curtis's hand, Pandora shouted.

"This is ridiculous! You guys started it first!"

Though it was an undeniable fact, Curtis wouldn't back down.

With graduation exams right around the corner, there was no way he could take the exam properly in this mental state.

Most importantly, if he, representing the kingdom's most prestigious school, returned like this, the school's honor would naturally fall to the ground.

"Apologize. Unless you want to ruin everything."

If he turned this into chaos through force, no school would gain a mental advantage.

Dante wasn't unaware of this fact, but that's exactly why he couldn't do others any favors.

"I don't want to. You reap what you sow."

"You bastard!"

As Curtis charged forward with increased firepower, several students followed behind him.

This was magical combat on a completely different level from fistfights.

"Everyone calm down."

The moment fire magic shot out, Eden spread both her arms.

'Saint Barrier.'

As a curtain of light spread with her at the center, the magic instantly dissipated, and even pushed all the students in front against the wall.

"Urgh! Wh-what!"

Nearly 100 students were trapped between the Saint Barrier and the wall, unable to move.

'Eden...'

Students from other schools were amazed by the defense barrier that transcended common sense, but those who knew her focused on the magic's different nature from before.

'She's switched to wide-area defense.'

Her absolute defensive ability worked through powerful omnipotence from believing in God, but the concentration of mana that protected only herself also played a part.

Abandoning one of the two pillars that formed Absolute Barrier was incomprehensible, but Shirone, who had fought her directly, actually smiled.

'You've grown, Eden.'

She had decided to break her obsession and become a true messenger of God, preaching love.

"Do something about this! I can't move!"

The Saint Barrier was cozy and warm, but so powerful that no magic could penetrate it.

"Violence isn't good. Let's resolve this peacefully."

Candler Eden (Final Graduation Ranking: 25th Place)
Major: Wide-area protection branch of defensive magic
Special Notes: Powerful omnipotence based on faith

"Damn it! Release this quickly! Who are you to try to teach us!"

"Aaahhh! So annoying!"

One student's wailing was transmitted through the video recording device directly to the central control room's monitor.

"That settles it."

As Rouphist rose, Secretary-General Jane, who had arrived the moment the mana control device was disabled, asked.

"Isn't this prank a bit much? They're still students with immature judgment and actions."

"The weak are destined to be weeded out anyway. Besides, it's not entirely like that, is it? Someone is already making professional-level judgments and actions."

"The problem is they're all Alpheas Magic School students."

When evaluated by student standards, this year's Royal Magic School graduating class was by no means low-level.

The problem was that Alpheas Magic School's graduating class was extraordinarily outstanding to an unprecedented degree.

"By the way, that's interesting. Ultima, I mean."

Rouphist found Shirone on the monitor.

"If you decompose information with a single entity, the entire cipher system becomes powerless."

"What if we put maximum security on it?"

"It's useless. Before Ultima, all information is equal. Humans and lowly creatures are the same, and advanced mathematics has no differentiation from children's arithmetic."

"...The most difficult type to control."

"I'd say it's impossible. That's what makes it dangerous."

Jane watched Rouphist heading for the door.

"What will you do about the party?"

"Appease them and send them away. The festival is over."

The door closed.

"How long do you think you can keep us bound?"

The annex was chaos with students' curses.

"Just wait until this magic is released! You're all dead to me today!"

As dozens of students poured out abuse, those listening began to get heated as well.

"These bastards..."

Just as Closer was about to step forward, someone from the back shouted angrily.

"Really, I've been patient long enough!"

Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop-BANG!

Utility magic effects burst in rapid rhythm above the heads of all Alpheas Magic School students.

Where the startled students turned to look, Suabi stood with fiercely raised eyes.

"Do I look easy because I always smile for you?"

Pop-pop-BANG! BANG! Pop-pop-pop-BANG!

Students stared in fascination at the sight of utility magic being cast in mechanically precise cycles.

"Suabi's angry..."

Winus Suabi (Final Graduation Ranking: 18th Place)
Major: Multi-buff branch of utility magic
Special Notes: Superhuman rhythm sense used for high-speed Cross Force battery replacement

Every time they felt the enhanced abilities through buffs, everyone wore the same expression of admiration.

'Amazing. Cross Force got even faster.'

Only then did Eden withdraw the Saint Barrier, but none of the students could move.

Watching over 30 types of buffs going to all 29 people made them lose the will to fight.

"How about it? If you want to fight, should we unlock our restraints too?"

Fermi finally stepped forward like a true representative.

"Urgh!"

Curtis helplessly hung his head as he watched Alpheas Magic School's graduating class gather.

The figure of 3.8 times wasn't an exaggeration.

Several students shed tears of frustration, but as expected, Fermi had no sympathy.

"Remember this. We're the protagonists of this year's graduation exam."

The hottest place had been decided.