Final Chapter (5)

Hatred filled Miro's eyes.

"Gaold...

How dare someone like you... to that person."

Harvitz's form was horrifying enough to make onlookers nauseous, but...

"Hyaaaaa!"

In Miro's eyes, he was nothing more than an object of rage that she wanted to beat to death right now.

Harvitz burst into laughter.

"Ehehehehe."

The power of Calamity Code 23 was too strong.

Though it was just a test version, that's precisely why it was a power that no one in this world could approach.

"Die!"

The scales of Harvitz, who looked like a giant fish, separated into individual entities.

Like fish swimming through air, tens of thousands of entities turned like a school of anchovies.

Miro paid no attention.

'Gaold.'

If there were reasons for loving someone, then there was no reason for Miro not to love Gaold.

'Where are you?'

That man who would appear like a miracle in the most difficult moments and smile for her was no longer here.

'How annoying.'

The fact that there was no longer anyone to be annoyed with truly annoyed Miro.

Tears flowed.

"Thousand-Armed Guanyin."

The incarnation of Guanyin with a thousand arms struck Harvitz with the most furious expression.

"Uwahhhhh!"

Thousand-Armed Guanyin.

Mad Storm.

The consecutive hits of 1.37 billion strikes per second were probably the size of the hatred she harbored.

"Uwahhhhh! Uwahhhhh!"

Guanyin's hands pummeled Harvitz.

"Hehe."

Despite the impacts coming from all directions, Harvitz took no significant damage.

"I'm invincible."

If someone were to apply such a code to the real world, that world could not be sustained.

The unsustainable cause would be converted into effect and ruin the outside world.

"I am a god!"

Harvitz's violence was clearly forbidden, and also proof that he was not a god.

KAAAAAAA!

The sound of tens of thousands of fish screaming struck Miro's eardrums.

"Dieeeee!"

The enraged Thousand-Armed Guanyin was also swinging her arms while splitting time to its extreme limits.

"No!"

Eden shouted.

"We have to stop Miss Miro. If this continues..."

Extreme Zen's death would, of course, only transform Harvitz into an even stronger being.

Sein said:

"I know. But we can't just run away either. Are you saying we should just die?"

"Miss Miro."

Eden looked back at Satan and bit her lips.

'He's strong.'

Honestly speaking, even now she was afraid of what he could do to her.

"No, I'm not afraid."

She took a deep breath and ran toward Satan.

"As long as God protects me."

As long as the power of love existed in this world, she would forever be invincible.

"O God."

Eden made the sign of Yorist faith and stood between Miro and Satan.

"Grahhhhh!"

As Satan flew at her with a roar and the half-charred Miro was about to counterattack...

"I believe in God!"

Eden knelt and deployed a barrier.

"That the value of good is right, that the lies of evil are false, that the seeds of love will spread throughout this land!"

"Krahahaha! Krahahaha!"

Satan's body decomposed into tens of thousands of blade-like fragments and struck Eden's barrier.

Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!

Though her body trembled from the tremendous power, Eden never averted her gaze.

"The trinity of Yora's faith, will, and love! Grant me infinite power... Kyahhhhh!"

Kakakakakakaka!

At Eden's scream that erupted in the middle of her prayer, Miro's hair stood on end.

Harvitz shouted:

"I am God!"

After scratching Eden and ascending to the sky, Satan looked down at Miro, who lowered her gaze.

"E-Eden."

Drip. Drip.

With her hands clasped together and head bowed, Eden was bleeding from wounds all over her body.

Harvitz, who had returned to base type, said:

"Are you stupid? Do you still believe in God? The god you believe in - I can create something much stronger."

His white skin turned black.

"Something like this."

Unauthorized Level 1 Code: Black Sun.

Not even for testing purposes.

Simply a calamity that had to be created because it could be created, utterly unnecessary for this world.

"Ehehehehe."

Harvitz felt pleasure in the tremendous freedom his existence possessed.

"This is too fun."

Like a total solar eclipse, a ring of light formed at the edge of his spherical, enlarged body.

Light and darkness, plane and solid, a manifestation that completely ignored this world's logic...

"Done."

Expanding to tremendous size, it took the form of a demon and rushed toward the ground.

"I'll kill them all."

The reason Harvitz, who could end the world whenever he wanted, had held back until now.

"Wizard. This is all your responsibility."

And the reason Wizard hadn't shown himself to him despite enduring pain.

People realized.

"...It's over."

It was precisely to prevent Harvitz from becoming like this.

"We're finished."

Terraforce was right.

What was falling onto their world was an absolute being that could not be denied by any logic.

And so the end...

"Hyaaah!"

...Just as everyone was accepting it, Miro, who had healed Eden, charged at Harvitz.

"Thousand-Armed Guanyin."

Her reborn incarnation had kind eyes, unlike before.

'I was foolish.'

Endure.

As the Grand Judge had said.

'Even fighting and defeating evil is evil's methodology. Good is not something that defeats evil.'

Because evil too was created by humans.

"Good is..."

The most basic righteousness, maintaining its position as unquestionable truth.

"Immutable."

Because it's not swayed by any logic, it can be relied upon across time and space.

"Rectification."

It's a single ray of light that can guide one back even when lost in infinite methodologies.

"Eternal."

It's the power to endlessly maintain good's sacred ground that evil can never possess.

"I do not defeat evil."

This is Extreme Good.

"Eternally from this position, in the most righteous way."

The two arms of Thousand-Armed Guanyin came together in prayer, then separated again into tremendous afterimages.

"I merely protect good."

All-Heaven Projection.

Thousand-Armed Guanyin Super Net.

Ratatatatatatata!

An enormous number of palms formed a single barrier that blocked Harvitz's attack.

"Stop talking nonsense!"

Harvitz's body, which had been trying to find and penetrate every gap in the signal, was blocked by the wall.

'There are no blind spots in my mind.'

At humanity's strongest defender Miro's defense, the resistance fighters' will ignited.

"Now! Attack!"

Because it was evil created by humans, it was the world's logic that humans must judge it.

"You insect-like humans!"

Those who actually looked as small as ants were inflicting wounds with swords and magic.

'Why are they doing this to me? Don't they hate pain?'

Pain.

They should absolutely not want to touch such a being, but now no one was afraid anymore.

"Keke."

Harvitz laughed.

"You're talking nonsense."

His hand stretched out and grabbed Flu, who was casting Phoenix Strike.

"Kyahhhhhhh!"

It was a signal of pain.

"Right, I remember. You were an interesting one too."

He remembered Flu's mind being quite troublesome right after Gis's assassination.

"You should know when to stop spouting nonsense."

The worst pain that Black Sun's existence could produce seeped into Flu's body.

"Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh!"

Kneeling with her upper body arched back, bloody tears streamed from her eyes.

"Hi, hiik!"

At that sight and the terror they imagined, the resistance fighters' will instantly wavered.

Harvitz burst into loud laughter.

"Haha! See! You're all the same in the end! Righteousness and all that - when you get beaten up..."

"Goahhhhhhh!"

"You're all the same!" As Harvitz pressed down even harder, blood burst from Flu's nose, ears, and mouth.

"F-Flu."

At the sight of her writhing after spilling all her bodily fluids, the resistance fighters' faces went pale.

"Again?"

They flinched.

"Who else wants to come? The one standing in front wins the lottery. Let's see..."

"Ugh!"

They wanted to step back immediately, but if they did, someone else would have to be sacrificed.

'But... I absolutely don't want to be the one.'

"Haha! Got you."

While Harvitz's hand was reaching for a soldier, Flu gradually regained consciousness.

'It hurts.'

It was indescribable pain.

'Mr. Gaold.'

But Flu knew.

A man who had lived by enduring much worse pain, perhaps with no limits.

'I won't die.'

Because Gaold had already proven it.

'Don't carelessly define human limits.'

As Flu slowly raised her body, everyone's attention focused on her, including Harvitz's.

"I am..."

Blood dripped, and her facial features, which had suffered hemorrhaging, had significantly reduced function.

"...a secretary general who devotes her loyalty to the nation and its people."

She was a professional.

"Secretary General of Tormia Magic Association!"

Silence flowed.

And moments later, all the resistance fighters shouted and charged toward Satan.

"Wahhhh! Let's go! Let's fight!"

Passing by Flu, who was standing while unconscious, Rufist conveyed with his heart:

'Flu, you're promoted two ranks.'

"This..."

The mouth of Harvitz, in the form of a black demon, tore open.

"Damn bastards!"

Now, without needing to target anyone specifically, hundreds of shadows extending outward struck the ground.

"Die! Die! Die!"

Screams echoed through the sky, and Miro cast her incarnation technique with all her might.

'It's difficult.'

Protecting everyone.

'I have to endure.'

Even as countless people were dying, she tried not to despair.

"Just a little more..."

The afterimages of Thousand-Armed Guanyin increased further.

"Just a little more."

Her eyes rolled back as she blocked Satan's attacks at a rate of 1 billion hits per second.

"Ah..."

Her terrified mind passed the threshold of samadhi.

Her consciousness sank into the abyss, and she thought she might never return.

'I have to endure.'

Just as she was about to make her final effort in samadhi to protect good until the end...

'Huh?'

Something flickered between the defensive walls of Thousand-Armed Guanyin.

'What is it?'

It was a transparent, giant tree, extending its tongue to the ground and writhing.

'Is it an illusion?'

Otherwise, breaking through blind spots would be...

"Transcendent."

Then someone's voice was heard.

"Moonlight Formless God."

The next moment.

"Goahhhhhhh!"

Everyone suddenly discovered Satan screaming and sliding across the ground.

"Huh?"

While no one understood, a 7-year-old girl ran toward Harvitz.

Miro muttered:

"...Wizard."

Created by all historical events, existing through odds of one in billions.

'Genius.'

Humanity's ultimate weapon had arrived.

Oooh! Ooh!

As song echoed across the world, Mica reported the population count through Transcendent Spirit.

Participant count: 380,342,341.

Approximately 14 percent.

'This won't be enough.'

Even Eliquea, created with Southern song, was powerful, but what they were facing now was Nane.

'Unless it's 100 percent, it's useless.'

Is it possible?

For all of humanity to truly have one heart, even for just a moment...

'It's difficult.'

For Sirone, who knew Omega's history, it appeared as a massive wall.

Ooo. Ooh.

Nane heard the song echoing through the world.

"Sirone."

If he were a cold god, he would decide based on probability, but he had a heart.

"You know it can't be eternal."

His heart felt moved while also pitying the suffering they would have to endure in the future.

Meanwhile, administrator Luber was mechanical.

Entering Drimo, he summoned Monga at the core where humanity's dreams gathered.

"Activate Death Dream."

It wouldn't be as bad as when hit by Death Field, but fear would divide humanity.

"Even to those who are awake?"

"It doesn't matter. I'm transferring access authority."

"Understood."

Monga's face contorted grotesquely, and death dreams began spreading into Drimo.

"This world must be closed."

As Luber's words mixed with the dreams, Drimo's core began vibrating.

Drrrrrrrr!

"What's this?"

It was a very distant past for humanity, but for the administrator, it was too vivid a sense of déjà vu.

"Yorahan's..."

Though Miro had given emergency treatment, Eden still hadn't awakened from her dream.

Although she hadn't been able to stop Harvitz, because she never yielded to evil until the end...

O Yora.

She inherited the spirit of the founder.

Behold my dream.

Yorahan's life that Sirone had seen came rapidly through real time.

'Ah...'

And when she half-regained consciousness, Eden realized what she had to do.

Beep! Beep!

In the scene of all of Drimo shaking, Eden appeared before Luber.

"What are you doing?"

"Destroying your nightmares. Yorahan... wanted this world to be happy."

"Grrrrrr."

Monga, with pitch-black pupils, bared shark-like teeth threateningly.

Eden wasn't afraid.

"You know it too, don't you? That Yorahan's dreams can never be stopped."

Of course he knew.

One of the five system administrators, Luber had surrendered completely and compromised.

"Fine, so be it."

It was the same this time.

"I'll stop Death Dream as you want. But please refrain from sending Inherited Dream too."

"Huhu. Yes, Yorahan was a good person."

Eden's smile disappeared.

"But I'm a nasty Yorist, you liar."

Inherited Dream was output.

"Noooooo!"

As Luber, reaching out his hand, scattered into light, Monga's form disappeared simultaneously.

Looking at Wizard standing before him, Harvitz was more excited than ever.

"Hahahaha!"

Wizard, Wizard.

"Do you know how long I've waited? I'm still here because of you, unable to leave."

"I know. But I hate you."

"Hehe, that's right."

You screwed me over.

"But I like you. Why do you hate me in the first place? I was so gentle with you. I followed all the game rules. Most importantly, we had fun playing together."

The black demon Harvitz spread his arms and said:

"I just did what I wanted to do. I can do anything here. Yet I listened to you. Do you know how amazing that is?"

"I'm grateful for that."

"So change your mind. I kept thinking about it. What exactly I wanted to do with you. And I realized."

Kukukukukukuku!

People's eyes widened.

"That..."

From between Harvitz's legs, a black shadow rose and shot up to tremendous size.

Gwagwagwagwagwa!

With a pillar resembling male genitalia erected, Harvitz spread his arms and charged.

"What I wanted was..."

What I wanted to do was...

I'm going to rape you!

As the demon's sharp hands flew toward the little girl's legs...

"I said no..."

The expressionless Wizard's Formless God wavered.

"How many times do I have to tell you?"

One frame disappeared.

"...!"

What exactly had Wizard done to Harvitz during that one frame?

"Ugh..."

Even God couldn't know, but tremendous pain began coursing through Harvitz's entire body.

"Goahhhhhhh!"

As Satan's screams decorated the world, Wizard activated her incarnation again and charged.

This insolent bitch!

Harvitz launched another attack, but without fail, one frame disappeared from the world.

"...!"

Wooooooo!

In pain far more terrible than before, Satan shed bloody tears and screamed.

'What?'

Why does it hurt so much?

'I hate it! I hate pain! Remove pain sensation!'

Another frame.

"Uwahhhh! It hurts! It hurts!"

Not knowing what was happening, Harvitz felt fear following the pain.

'I can't respond. A stronger, stronger code!'

"Transcendent."

As Wizard launched her body, Satan covered himself with both arms and shouted:

"Wait! St-stop...!"

"White Reincarnation."

The next moment, the demon, completely turned into rags, collapsed with limbs spread.

"Ugh! Uugh!"

Crack, crack. Black Sun's skin split, and the rotten organs packed inside spilled out.

'Sa-save me. I want to leave. I'm so scared.'

Harvitz cried.

'Mama, mama! Please, just me...'

One frame.

The moment something flashed, a shock that numbed his mind struck his entire body.

"Ma-mama."

With his internal organs stretched out from his belly, the demon turned to rags crawled.

"Mamaaaaa! Mamaaaaa!"

People watched as Satan, the ultimate evil and chaos, whimpered in terror.

Miro asked:

"Where does evil come from?"

And she said again:

"From greater evil."

Wizard flew up with both arms spread over Satan's head as he crawled on the ground.

"Moonlight Formless God."

"Stop now! I was wrong! Please stop..."

Evil Must Die.

Without sound or form, the demon's shape was destroyed, and Harvitz rolled on the ground.

"Ughhhhh!"

His skull was cracked with brain visible, his limbs were twisted, and organs protruded.

Wizard looked at the sky.

'Master.'

I have finished the task you taught me.

Participant count: 1,358,092,587.

As Inherited Dream spread to the world, the population singing along with Maya's song increased further.

Even Gaold, unable to stand, hummed the melody with a hoarse voice.

"Ooo... ooh."

The underground High Gear operators also sang loudly with the survivors.

"Ooo! Ooh!"

Each person's individuality, each person's life, all those countless tones gathered into one wave.

Participant count: 2,451,729,157!

Finally becoming a white outcry that shook the world.

Ooo! Ooh!

Sirone trembled.

'Almost there.'

The Ultima System reach rate exceeded 91 percent.

And those remaining.

"Good! Come stronger!" In the midst of Ryan and Ymir's fierce battle, soldiers didn't dare interfere.

Clump groaned.

'It doesn't feel like creatures fighting.'

But on the other hand, the intensity made it seem utterly biological.

Tess bit her lips until they bled.

"Ryan."

His body, no longer capable of regeneration, already had muscles bursting in places.

"Even I..."

As she stepped forward, Reina stopped her.

"No. There's nothing we can do. We'll only disturb Ryan's mind."

"Ugh!"

Because no one interfered, Ryan could fight in the most Yaksha-like manner.

Clump said:

"It's not cowardice. We have to acknowledge skill. The world's greatest swordsman is Ryan."

The greatest swordsman.

Like others watching from outside, Rai savored those words.

'Yes, you finally reached there.'

Rai gripped his sword.

'But I'm here too, Ryan. I won't let it end like this.'

Surpassing limits.

'I'll show you my sword.'

As he glared at Ymir and focused his eyes, he suddenly kicked off the ground and ran.

"Rai!"

Clump shouted, and Reina followed.

"That fool!"

Leaving his family's cries behind, he arrived at the battlefield and gripped his sword.

As Ryan, with one leg completely broken, knelt, Ymir threw a fatal punch.

Rai's eyes flashed.

'Now!'

A shout erupted at life's end.

"Hyahhhh!"

He used all his strength to push Ryan's body away with his shoulder.

In the fleeting moment of falling sideways, Ryan turned his head with a surprised expression.

'Brother?'

Rai smiled gently, and Ymir's fist sent his body flying far away.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Bouncing off the ground at terrifying speed, all of Rai's joints broke.

'How was that, Ryan?'

In his fading consciousness, Rai asked.

'My sword was pretty good too, right?'

Reina, who had watched the scene from afar, quickly changed direction and ran to Rai.

"Hey! Hey!"

His breath had already stopped, but the face in his sister's arms was smiling.

Reina lifted her head and screamed.

"Uwahhhhhh!"

Realizing from her crying, Ryan slowly turned his head with a blank expression.

"Kekeke."

Ymir dusted off his hands and said:

"A gnat interfered. Well, fine. There should be this much penalty at least..."

Divine Transcendence.

"Huh?"

Without even feeling anything pass, Ymir's shoulder was cut diagonally.

Splash. Ymir stopped the massive bleeding with his muscles and blinked.

A great sword held diagonally upward hung in the air.

"What?"

And... Ryan's right mechanical arm had also become mere vapor, rising.

Speed so fast that metal evaporated.

Crack.

Following Ymir's cut line, an illusion unfolded as if the entire world was splitting.

Harvitz, Harvitz. Noeul.

At his friends' voices from somewhere, Harvitz briefly regained consciousness.

'What?'

Still here?

His head was dizzy, and thoughts from inside and outside were mixing freely.

"Uh, uh."

It hurts, it hurts.

And in the distance matching his vision, a familiar face began walking over.

'You came, premature baby.'

It was probably Zetaro, but in Harvitz's eyes, he saw a smaller child.

He was limping with one twisted leg.

His nickname in the outside world was premature baby. Though born with congenital deformities, he seemed the brightest among his friends.

'You live such a hard life too.'

Of course, with that place's science and medical technology, treating genes would be easy.

'Just enter a capsule once.'

But in a world where eating and reproduction were forbidden, he couldn't receive any treatment.

Actually, everyone was like that.

'We have no status. We shouldn't exist. There's no point going back anyway, it's just boring.'

"Harvitz."

Despite having a normal leg, Zetaro deliberately limped by twisting his leg.

Since it was an illegal connection anyway, his Missing Link might have weakened too.

"Doctor."

Harvitz grabbed his spilling organs and lay down properly.

"How is my condition?"

Zetaro threw down the bag he was carrying, sat beside Harvitz, and examined his condition.

"Hmm, quite serious. But don't worry. If we stop the bleeding, you'll be fine soon."

Harvitz's nostrils flared.

"Th-then how should we stop the bleeding?"

Zetaro also desperately tried to suppress his rising smile as he reached into his bag.

Then gripping a scalpel in reverse.

"That..."

Harvitz, already prepared, made eye contact with him and widened his eyes greatly.

"How would I know!"

Thud, thud. Each time he butchered Harvitz's brain, blood splattered up to his face.

"Puhahaha! Hahahaha!"

Harvitz burst into laughter while dying.

'As expected.'

Zetaro is fun.

His expression diminished in his dying mind, and tears formed in Harvitz's eyes.

'Mama.'

Can't I play just a little longer?

'I don't want to go home...'

Harvitz died, and Satan was annihilated.

With the main system's destruction, demons spread throughout the world completely disappeared.

"Hah."

Zetaro, who had given everything to make Harvitz laugh, looked at the sky with his blood-covered face.

Ooo! Ooh!

Listening to the song echoing through the world, he rounded his mouth.

"Ooo..."

But only briefly. Thinking of something, he smiled with his eyes.

Swoosh!

Zetaro slit his own throat with the scalpel and collapsed onto Harvitz's body.

Ymir couldn't regenerate his body.

"Ughhh!"

Giving up on his shoulder that wouldn't come out no matter how much force he applied, he looked back at Ryan.

"You..."

Again without any feeling, Ymir's right leg snapped off cleanly.

Balancing on one leg, Ymir saw the great sword that had moved somehow.

'It's not the body.'

The mind was moving the sword.

"Hehe."

Ymir's remaining thigh swelled like a balloon as he stretched his mouth wide.

"Here I come!"

Simultaneously, Ryan charged.

The great sword's movement wasn't visible, but the scenery was splitting like a puzzle.

"Uwahhhh!"

And Ymir's body was also gradually diminishing.

"He's winning."

Soldiers clenched their fists.

"He's winning!"

It was tremendous wonder achieved by one swordsman, but Tess's heart was torn.

"Ugh! Ughhh!"

Even when swinging the sword with his missing right arm, the aftermath affected other parts.

Just changing direction caused muscles to evaporate and white bones to show.

"Tess."

Clump gripped her shoulder.

"Don't close your eyes. You must watch until the end. This is what a swordsman can reach..."

Tears flowed from his eyes too.

"The ultimate."

Ymir, with only his left arm remaining, supported himself on the ground in a handstand and lifted his head.

"Huff! Huff!"

Scary.

No, joyful?

What was certain was that among countless battles, this was the first time his heart beat so fast.

"This is the last."

As he pushed all his power into his left arm, tremendous force acted and gravity twisted.

Ryan, whose tongue had also evaporated, couldn't speak, but his skull's left arm aimed the great sword.

"Keke, good."

Thank you, Ogent.

Ymir's smile disappeared, and his eyes in perfect concentration were sucked into the abyss.

'Maximum power.'

Bang! Ymir, who kicked off the ground and flew, extended his fist toward Ryan.

Divine Transcendence - Ultimate.

Ryan's body vibrated, then even the remaining flesh and muscles completely vaporized.

The sword was sharp.

"Ugh..."

But the power contained in the sword shattered Ymir's ultimate, Ultima.

"Kekeke."

As he flew into the sky, his disintegrated body began scattering at the atomic level.

"Yes, you're the best."

Waiting for annihilation, he thought:

'I'm dying.'

Ah, so I'm really dying.

'Then...'

Madness filled Ymir's eyes.

"That means I was alive!"

From the void completely scattered into atoms, a final laugh echoed.

Uhahahahahaha...

Crown wandered the ship.

"Stop him! Arrest the escapees! They have a woman!"

There were combatants everywhere, and from analyzing the language, Shiina seemed safe.

"Hmm, escape."

Balance Prison.

Probably some division had occurred within Terraforce and they had extracted some people.

"Even if I want to find her..."

As another battle began, Crown activated Asymmetric Transcendence and moved.

"Over there!"

Terraforce's sonic weapons instantly tracked his position and shook his organs.

"Augh!"

Rolling on the floor, he leaned his back against the wall.

'Why isn't it working?'

He was clearly copying Quan's realm exactly, but the enemies' responses were too different.

'Am I lacking something?'

That couldn't be.

How could someone from the outside world not understand something about this world?

A sound came from the distance.

This way.

Crown intuited.

"Escapee?"

There's a woman. No time. I'll tell you the location, so quickly... Ugh!

The sound cut off.

But the wave already sent reached his brain waves, and Crown could understand the situation.

"Alright, shall I go?"

Quan resisted again, but Crown pushed him deep inside once more.

"Wait."

I think I know something.

Maya repeated endlessly:

"Ooo. Ooh."

One heart.

Her song was transmitted to Ikael through Ashur's signal.

And that sound wave passed through Ataraxia, was greatly amplified, and spread throughout the world.

Ooo! Ooh!

But Cell Busters still threatened the ground.

Amy's flame layer couldn't catch every entity, and their numbers were actually increasing.

Ikael looked down at the ground.

"Please."

Caden was cutting Anti-Cells with his sword of light, but it was gradually becoming precarious.

"Ugh!"

Anti-Cells flew toward Maya through gaps in the light.

"Ooo. Ooh."

Caden tracked and cut them.

And moving his sword again, he swept thousands simultaneously with three-dimensional light charges.

'It's okay.'

Maya wasn't afraid.

'Because Caden will protect me.'

The brilliant lights moving around beautifully illuminated Maya's eyes.

'With only heart.'

Singing.

"Ooo. Ooh."

And simultaneously, Caden felt his head opening in a state of selflessness.

'Ah?'

Magic Swordsman.

'Maybe it's not a bad life.'

Total Jailbreak.

As he let go of even the speed his consciousness held, lines of light overlapped to form a perfect surface.

Maya smiled.

'Wow.'

Each time the curtain scattered, light rain fell.

"Hah. Hah."

Kira, who was guarding the survivor shelter, leaned against the wall alongside his summon Etron.

"The demons have died."

A 1-star Ivory Tower resident was powerful, but deploying one was worthwhile.

"Next. Next."

Playing card games, Lampa continued the game with bloodshot eyes.

"Next! Next!"

Funds rotating the board gradually accumulated to Lampa, and when the result finally came out:

"Winner! Lampa! The winning hand is..." Goodio drew a dagger from the table and stuck it in front of Ness.

"...Love."

In the silence, they shed tears.

"It was the only route for Mr. Lampa to win. It doesn't mean love is right."

"What's right is the human heart that chose love."

"Yes. Therefore, in the chain reaction of good, evil, emptiness, and love, what we must protect until the end is..."

Love.

'So what is that?' Crown's head, fleeing from combatants, continued to have thoughts floating around.

'Love. It's for species reproduction, right? The outside world already compromised. There's no longer any reason to reproduce. Everything is perfect. We just need to live happily among ourselves. We're not even lonely, right? We reincarnate through Missing Link.'

But why?

'Do they still have children there?'

While questions continued, Crown arrived at the location the escapee had indicated.

The Grand Judge was holding the unconscious Shiina.

Crown asked:

"Why do this?"

"Because good won. It's the first time a judgment was overturned. But there are those who refuse."

"Pride? You're primitive too."

"Not quite. The problem is how to judge the judgment being overturned. If the Supreme Court's authority falls, we won't be able to judge good and evil anymore."

"Doesn't matter."

"That's right."

The Grand Judge approached.

"That's why I saved the woman. Take her. Humans... deserve to live in this world."

"Then..."

As Crown took a limping step, a sword suddenly protruded from the Grand Judge's chest.

"Cough!"

The Combat Commander appeared, releasing stealth mode, and pulled out the sword.

The Grand Judge collapsed, and he shouted:

"God's regulations are strict! The Supreme Court's judgment cannot be defied! In God's name...!"

Raising his sword, he stabbed toward Shiina's neck.

"Judgment!"

"Shiinahhhhh!"

At that moment, Crown was struck by such a powerful signal that he almost lost himself.

'Ugh!'

The thought that passed in an instant was:

'Idiot! If I fight here...'

Terraforce's sword was already stabbing toward Shiina's neck.

'It's over. Impossible.'

No matter how exquisite Quan's movement was, zero-point coordinates don't distort.

'Wherever I move won't work. There's no way.'

Nothingness.

'That's...'

'Huh?'

Quan's voice was heard.

That's your thought.

From the void where nothing existed, a tremendous misconception began to occur.

'Ah, I see.'

Following some coordinate that couldn't even be imagined in imagination, Quan moved and swung his sword.

The Terraforce Combat Commander's head fell, and a drop of blood formed on Shiina's neck.

"Sh-Shiina."

As Quan lifted her body, Shiina opened her eyes.

"...Quan?"

"I'm sorry."

At his clear voice, Shiina shed tears.

"What are you sorry for?"

"For making you cry."

"Try doing that one more time! I don't need a clown. I need you!"

Quan nodded repeatedly.

"I love you."

The two embraced each other tightly, and Crown no longer stepped forward.

'Is that so?'

Love.

'Is it a signal that occurs from a place even more distant than the outside world?'

From the truly non-existent realm of infinite nothingness, where one misconception is triggered.

Holding a lover's hand, parents looking at their children, loving this world.

All that love is occurring in infinite nothingness.

'Hehe.'

Crown gave a bitter smile and cut the signal connected to this world.

'I should go back.'

And when I wake from the dream...

'The outside world might change a little too.'

Crown, connection terminated.

Kukukukuku!

The next moment, as the ship tilted drastically, the Combat Commander's head rolled to the Grand Judge.

"Why?"

The head alone asked.

"Why did you betray? You violated Terraforce regulations. You said we can't judge good and evil."

"Don't you understand yet?"

The Grand Judge gasped and said:

"The judgment being overturned means our standards were wrong. Now humans are the judges. Not us."

"I'll make the final judgment. From this time, humans are... from God's prison..."

The Grand Judge's breath stopped.

"Released."

Then the light faded from the Combat Commander's eyes, and Shiina helped Quan to his feet.

"What do we do? We have to get out quickly!"

Since the ship's weight was tremendous, if it crashed into the ground like this, there was no way to survive.

Kakakakakaka!

Then the metal ceiling tore apart and a giant dragon's face entered.

"Are you alright?"

It was Earth Dragon Argan.

Before Shiina could respond, Argan lifted them and disappeared.

As what was blocking the hole disappeared, tremendous wind from the pressure difference blew them outside.

"Kyahhhhh!"

Quan caught the falling Shiina, and Asriker took them on its back.

"Phew."

Poison Dragon Poine approached them.

"Hold tight. It'll be fast."

Accelerating at tremendous speed, the ground's border lines began passing quickly.

Shiina looked down at the ground.

Ooo, ooh.

The whole world was singing.

When Ultima integration reached 98 percent, Yahweh and Buddha arrived above the Holy War.

Nane shouted:

"Why don't you understand!"

That it's just a momentary miracle.

Even if the world is maintained, humans will again forget this moment.

"Connection! Righteousness! One! Clear! Ideal! Conclusion!"

Nane desperately resisted.

"Heaven! Sphere! Demon! Castle! Truth! Great! Existence! Uwahhhh! Opening! Beauty! Enemy! One! Difficulty! Attack!"

Sirone looked with wide eyes at the sword of light flying with maximum power.

"Even if it's a momentary miracle..."

Miracle Stream expanded and began destroying all of Nane's sermons.

"It's a miracle we created."

Not God.

As mind and law collided head-on, Mica announced Ultima's integration rate.

Ultima System 99.9 percent!

99.99 percent! 99.999...

And finally.

'It's coming.'

Humanity.

'Even if it's just a momentary miracle!'

For the first time as a species, overcoming all discrimination of race, gender, age, culture, history, thought, disposition, personality, politics, values...

'With all hearts!'

Preferences, language, disabilities, occupation, tradition, nation, education, role, position, status, etc., overcoming all discrimination.

'Integrated.'

They achieved an integrated mental system.

Ultima System (Unanimous User Code).

As light shot up from around the world, it seemed as if the entire planet was wrapped in light.

Humanity, having reached one heart, shed tears feeling extreme joy and thrill.

"Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh!"

In a world completely filled with light, Armin knelt and sobbed.

This world seen with enlightened eyes was...

'I am...'

So beautiful and brilliant.

'I will paint this moment.'

It was ultimate art that seemed unreachable even if he devoted his lifetime filling it with light.

"Nane!"

And that light gathered and perfectly aligned with Sirone's Miracle Stream.

"We will live!"

All users' hearts became one ray of light and completely annihilated the swords of sermon.

'Is that so?'

Watching the flash flying from far away, Nane slowly closed his eyes.

'I understand.'

Buddha's realm disappeared.

The next moment, the flash swept over Nane and continued straight to crash into Anti-Cell's barrier.

Pupupupupupupung!

Argones tried to stop by increasing density, but even that was easily penetrated.

'All users' hearts.'

Nane gave a bitter smile.

'Too much.'

He would probably fly to the edge of the universe, but now there was no logic left to argue.

'Take care.'

Pung...

Breaking through the tremendously thickened cell barrier, Nane drifted away into space.

"Hah! Hah!"

Sirone, who had poured all his power into one Ultima, staggered and landed on the ground.

"Nane."

He couldn't end it like this.

At that moment, giant Argones's face protruded from Anti-Cell's barrier.

Annihilation Code activated!

'Why?'

Since Buddha acknowledged Yahweh, all administrators should follow Sirone's will.

I cannot accept it! We are the gods! Humans! Submit to me!

Countless Anti-Cells poured down.

"Probably..."

Taesung said:

"It was from when the first Gaians descended to this land. When Argones first felt fear."

"An administrator feeling fear."

Lethe, who muttered that, asked:

"...Is it an error?"

"Yes. Perhaps the first error created among administrators. He tried not to get caught, but there were quite a few times when program decisions deviated from the average I know. Cold, then kind. Trying to annihilate humanity, then trying to protect it."

"And now trying to annihilate them again?"

"Feeling fear from the Gaians' eyes, he was probably confused. Designed as a god, but wondering if perhaps he himself might be a creation."

The manifestation of that fear.

"Phew, then how do we stop it? That's a bug that exceeds even user authority."

"That too..."

Taesung said:

"Has become humanity's responsibility."

As Argones's thickness became thicker than the flame layer, even Amy couldn't endure.

"Phew!"

Landing in front of Sirone, she surveyed the sky.

"This is bad. There's no way to stop it."

"That's an infinite proliferation algorithm. If we don't eliminate it all at once, it will proliferate again and eventually close the universe."

A situation requiring a second miracle.

"Mica."

Ultima integration rate 94 percent.

'Can we make it in time?'

Anti-Cells had already descended to reach the world's highest mountains.

Tess's voice trembled.

"R-Ryan."

The skeleton swordsman with one missing arm and no skin or muscles stood up.

He looked at the sky, but since he had no eyes, it was unclear what he was seeing.

"Ryan!"

As Tess tried to run, he aimed his sword sideways and shook his head.

'Sorry, Tess.'

He should have died already.

'It seems I won't be able to return to you.'

He didn't know why he wasn't dying, but he knew the reason he was alive.

'Sirone.'

It was a knight's final conviction.

As Ryan slowly bent his legs and prepared to swing his sword, everyone realized.

Clump said:

"Ryan."

Though tears flowed at his grandson's death, a hot feeling was felt in one corner of his heart.

"Don't forget Ogent's sword."

Whether he could hear or not, Ryan's head dropped slightly.

And moments later, Ryan's skeleton, lifting his head again, caused tremendous vibration.

"Ah, ah."

At Ryan's appearance, evaporating while emitting smoke, Reina held Tess's hand.

"Until the end, we watch."

Even while crying, Tess nodded.

'Sirone.'

Ryan conveyed with his heart.

'I'll open the path.'

The vibration grew stronger, and his idea began shaking the entire world.

Kukukukukukukuku!

'I am Ogent Ryan.'

His body completely evaporated.

'Sirone's...'

Sirone's sword!

The great sword flying at super-light speed completely removed all Anti-Cells covering the planet.

Pung.

At the scene of the sky suddenly opening, Sirone and Amy looked surprised.

"Ah?..."

Dawn was already breaking, and a refreshingly blue sky entered their view.

"Great sword."

It perfectly resembled the Ogent family's spirit.

Bang!

And the next moment, the 'idea' that had removed all Anti-Cells stuck in front of Sirone.

"Ryan..."

Absolutely indestructible conviction.

'Thank you.'

Sirone bowed with all respect before that sword and slowly raised his head.

"Nane."

For now they had escaped divine rule, but these coordinates were still connected to the outside world.

'The only coordinates with errors in the multiverse. They won't leave us alone.'

Creating a cloak with Material to cover Amy's body, Sirone gripped her shoulder.

"I'll go settle this."

As he turned toward space, Amy grabbed his wrist.

"Sirone..."

Her expression was filled with fear.

"It's okay."

Sirone said:

"It's something only I can do. I have to end it. I'll definitely return. I promise."

Amy shook her head slightly.

'No.'

She felt anxious that if she let him go here, she'd never see him again.

Sirone smiled and dissolved into light particles just as he was, disappearing.

"Ah..."

Only warmth remained in her hands.

Ryan looked around.

"Huh?"

It was a dark space, and a single signal was shooting from far away.

"Magnificent, your signal."

"Brother?"

At Rai's voice, he turned his head to see him really standing there with a smiling expression.

"How did this happen?"

"As expected, you don't know."

"What?"

Rai pointed to the light.

"Coming here, you know everything. If you enter that light, it's the outside world."

"Really? Then let's go."

"You can't go."

Ryan tilted his head.

"Why?"

"Our world has two errors. One is a signal shot from somewhere. Hexa. And the other..."

Rai pointed at Ryan.

"Is you."

"I'm an error?"

"Yes, Ryan, you're not a user. You are..."

Rai said:

"You are Ogent."

Precisely, it was a new signal born from combining Ogent and Smile's signals.

"Hexa can't go to the outside world. Though it took Gai's signal, the code is different. Same with you. That's why you could uniquely manifest ideas in this world. If Hexa is a signal that combines hearts, you reached Ultima alone."

It's called conviction.

"I don't understand."

"Haha! Think simply. It's not that the outside world's mind dwells in Ogent Rai's body. When you dream, there are countless people besides me. Friends, family, enemies, and countless backgrounds and times. Actually, they're all me."

"That's what reincarnation is. When you wake from the dream, you realize. That I was Rai, and you, and someone else, and wind, and water."

"You can't go..."

Not only could he not escape to the outside world, he couldn't return to the original world either.

"But why am I here?"

"Because the signal connected."

Only then did Ryan look carefully.

That signal coming from the outside world was connected to him, not Rai.

"...Brother."

"Go back, to your world."

Ryan couldn't say anything.

"You and Sirone can't come outside. Live happily in your world."

"What about you?"

Rai didn't answer.

"What happens to you? You don't have a signal. Then where do you go?"

Eternal annihilation.

"It's okay. What I gave you is my signal. Though Ogent Rai will be erased, my existence will continue through you. Yes, like the heart."

Continuing beyond dimensions.

"Go back. You have someone you love, right? There's no time. Soon Ogent Rai will be erased."