[718] Key to Liberation (2)

"Merot."

As Garnet's pheromones were released, the artificial brain caused an unprecedented tremor.

"Kugh!"

To control the countless ants in the colony, even her voice would have to be different.

"You yearned for the outside world. Just like I did when I was young. You've brought something interesting today."

Everything happening in Garnet Colony had already been reported through the worker ants.

"I thought you would like it."

Merot folded her wings modestly and bowed respectfully, then turned to Sirone.

"Tell mother what you told me. I hope you find the answer you seek."

As Merot stepped aside, Garnet's incredibly long antennae approached Sirone.

"I've heard about them. About humans."

The definition of humans from an ant's perspective was completely different from what Sirone knew, yet it didn't seem absurd.

"I was told humans are very large, but you're small."

"That's because..."

As Sirone explained about Andre, Garnet listened carefully and nodded.

"So it's divided into many worlds? If each one is an independent world... it's like looking at ourselves."

Andre was similar to the ants' colony system.

"Exactly. Worlds divided by special criteria. And the criterion for this world is you, Your Majesty."

Because Garnet had built the colony.

"I understand what you mean. So what do you want to ask?"

Sirone poured out questions at the speed of thought.

"The system. What's the criterion for dividing workers and soldiers? What's Garnet Colony's vision for the future? How are the room arrangements and territory size determined?"

If the ants building and prospering their colony was similar to Andre's 19,000 worlds, then through the queen's intentions, he could read Guffin's thoughts.

"When food supply becomes insufficient, how much does the workers' labor increase? How much do the princesses and nobles waste resources..."

Garnet shook her head and interrupted.

"It's not like that."

"Pardon?"

"I understand your question's intent, but I don't think I can give you the answer you want. I've never thought about such complicated things while building the colony."

"You've never... thought about it?"

Had Guffin simply separated the 19,000 worlds without any criteria or thought?

"Then how did you build such a precise system?"

"But there was this."

Garnet looked up at the ceiling, recalling when she first arrived here.

"I wanted everyone here to be happy."

"..."

Sirone felt like he'd been hit in the head with a hammer.

"I wanted my beloved children to be safe. For no one to be sacrificed, for everyone to be happy, building a new colony..."

Garnet looked down at Sirone again.

"That's why I can't understand your question. Why do you think about such things? Don't we already have a system called love? My colony isn't complicated at all. What's complicated is your thinking, isn't it?"

"Uh..."

Sirone stepped back, holding his forehead.

'I wanted everyone here to be happy.'

In this world, in this system.

'There are no 19,000 different criteria.'

Only one criterion had separated the chaotic spacetime into 19,000 worlds.

At the realization of such an unimaginably grand purpose, Sirone shed tears of overwhelming emotion.

"Love for everything."

It's called universal love.

Maze Andre
World No. 1583.

The one-year survival test for 2,000 residents of Whiteblack had begun.

At the entrance to the White district, besides the 10 participants, many residents had gathered, burning with determination.

Of course, their determination paled compared to that of the participants who would soon commit brutal murders on Mount Anarchy.

'Can we really win?'

Despite 80 percent of their production being at stake, looking at the participants' faces, none seemed particularly trained.

'Well, I don't like this either...'

Those who stood out would be the first candidates, and Sirone was currently the most conspicuous person in White.

In contrast, Black was a district where daily life was warfare.

'I can only hope someone weak comes out.'

Since the system allowed complete monopolization with just 20 percent production, the strong had no reason to play life-or-death games.

The village chief looked around at the residents and shouted.

"Everyone! Today we must fight a decisive battle against those who worship violence. Please pray for the safety of our participants heading to Mount Anarchy, the battlefield of law!"

Applause erupted, but the participants, including Sirone, showed no change in expression.

"We will now begin the battle of law!"

As the chief shouted at the top of his lungs, the participants boarded carriages heading to Mount Anarchy.

'It's supposedly for transportation, but it's really a prison.'

Though the interior was clean, dozens of escorts accompanied the carriage, and there was no telling how they'd react if anyone tried to escape.

"You're Sirone, right?"

A middle-aged man sitting across from him spoke.

"I'm Marco. Father of two daughters, son of an elderly mother, and also Jainy's husband."

At this strange introduction with obvious intent, Sirone's voice became somewhat sharp.

"Is that so? I have no family to take care of."

At least not in this world.

"Don't misunderstand. This is White's rule. If you have complaints, we can decide by vote here."

Without even hearing the rules, it was predictable that a unanimous vote would result the moment voting began.

"It's fine. Just tell me what you want."

"Our village is called Whiteblack because every year during the battle of law, a unique moon rises."

Marco opened the carriage window and pointed outside.

"Can you see the law changing?"

Looking out the window, Sirone saw half the moon covered in darkness like a lunar eclipse.

"When the battle begins, the light and dark regions that were bisected invade each other's territory and transform into a teardrop shape."

Sirone thought of the principle of yin and yang.

"That moon is called Whiteblack. We don't know when that moon first appeared. What's important is that you can't obtain weapons without receiving moonlight at Mount Anarchy's peak."

"Weapons?"

Marco leaned forward.

"When representatives of White and Black receive moonlight, 120 weapons are scattered throughout Mount Anarchy. They're in card form, and holding them grants special abilities."

It was the law's effect.

"There are two types of cards. Job cards and weapon cards. There are 20 job cards total, automatically distributed to all participants. Depending on which job you get, your physical abilities change completely."

"What kinds of jobs are there, for example?"

"All jobs exist. Among them, 20 jobs are randomly scattered each year. If you're a doctor, you get wound healing abilities; if you're a prosecutor, you get powerful physical abilities."

It was partly based on luck.

"The remaining 100 cards are various weapons. They can be traded and stolen, but can't be destroyed. Ultimately, the 20 participants must obtain one job card each, then fight by combining various weapon cards."

Sirone rested his chin on his hand, lost in thought.

'This is on a different level from individual Axing. This is a grand law.'

In this wheel of law operating at a godlike level, he could sense Guffin's presence.

"The problem is when the Whiteblack moon harmonizes."

Marco continued.

"To obtain weapons, representatives from each district must absolutely make an oath under the moonlight. If the oath isn't made, weapons won't activate on our side."

"So you want me to make that oath?"

It was a shameless request if anything, but the nine participants would point to Sirone anyway.

"Black needs weapons too. Their weakest will come out, so it won't be too dangerous."

'It'll be really dangerous.'

White participants wouldn't act until they obtained weapons, but for Black, it was a golden opportunity to reduce numbers.

'If White wants to fight Black on equal terms, weapons are absolutely necessary. Am I the sacrificial lamb?'

As everyone held their breath waiting for a decision, Sirone leaned back in his chair.

"Alright. I'll do it."

Sighs of relief were heard, and feeling hurt by this, Sirone frowned and opened one eye.

'Hm?'

A woman sitting next to Marco was looking at Sirone with an apologetic expression.

'Miss Breeze, was it?'

All he knew was that she worked as a hairdresser.

She moved her lips to convey words.

'Thank you.'

Upon arriving at Mount Anarchy, Marco said.

"You need to get to the peak as quickly as possible. If you're even slightly late, those Black bastards will have set up camp."

'And here I thought it wouldn't be dangerous.'

Since understanding this world required entering the most dangerous place anyway, he nodded without complaint.

"How do I make the oath?"

"Just think that you belong to White under the Whiteblack moonlight. It'll be over in an instant."

"Then I'll head out."

As Sirone quickly ran toward the peak, the remaining nine participants finally began planning their strategy in earnest.

"Once we get weapons, head to the area we discussed earlier..."

No one thought Sirone would return.

By the time Sirone reached the peak, the Whiteblack harmony was nearly complete.

'Is this also law?'

Moonlight shining directly from the sky was carving a circle dozens of meters in diameter on the ground.

In the area where light and darkness interlocked in a yin-yang pattern, Sirone entered the illuminated section.

'What's Black's strategy?'

Though there hadn't been any particular movement yet, he could sense through killing intent that they had already arrived.

The circle drawn by moonlight on the ground became clearer, finally achieving perfect harmony of black and white.

"It begins!"

As Black residents shouted from all directions, someone began running toward Sirone from directly ahead.

'This is our chance! We catch him here!'

If Black couldn't obtain weapons, the law's balance would instantly tip toward White.

"Uaaahhh!"

The person who entered under the black moonlight was a boy who looked too young for school.

"What...!"

As Sirone hastily stopped his attack, the child collapsed on the ground, shedding tears.

"Please spare me! Please spare me!"

The light and darkness of Whiteblack spun rapidly, shooting a massive pillar of light high into the sky.

One hundred starlight points scattered, and 20 job cards curved like guided missiles, striking each person's chest.

'My position is exposed.'

As he quickly twisted his waist, he saw seven cards losing their light in the bushes.

'Eight including the child. Are they all gathered except for two?'

It was to kill Sirone.

'My card is...'

Setting aside his anger at using a child as an advance guard, Sirone checked his job card.

'Seeker?'

Without time to analyze the detailed characteristics, a Black participant flew out from the bushes.

"Yahoo! This is awesome! Let's deal with the sacrificial lamb first!"

Whatever job he'd gotten, his speed was tremendous, and he already held weapon cards in his hands.

"Go! Power Bomb!"

The card flashed, and dozens of bombs poured toward Sirone and the child.

"Uwaaah! Please save..."

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM!

A tremendous explosion shook the mountain peak, and the Black participant burst into maniacal laughter.

"Kahaha! Now it's 9 versus 9! Fair, right?"

"You're talking nonsense."

At the voice from beside him, as the participant turned his head, a Photon Cannon struck his abdomen.

"Gaaahhh!"

The man screamed so hard his eyes nearly popped out, flying dozens of meters before falling off the cliff.

"Aaaahhh...!"

The screaming faded into the distance, and Sirone, holding the child in his arms, scanned the surroundings with sharp eyes.

'The killing intent is gone. They fled.'

The Black participants had made a swift situational assessment.

Battle of Law: Whiteblack.
Survivors: 19.