Rain (4)

?

?

When the magnetic shield sent from the ark was lifted, the Jincheon army finally advanced toward Gustav's capital.

The army was speechless, and couldn't even find words to speak.

"So this is how it is."

In the world that had been completely flattened by particles of light, no trace of demons could be found.

An absolutely overwhelming victory.

"What the hell are we!" But victory over what?

The phenomenon that transcended the limits of human physics and mathematics only left them feeling powerless.

"All the countless soldiers who fought until now! The innocent citizens of Jincheon who died! We!"

There wasn't even a target to resent.

"What do we exist for!"

If one human's anger was all it took to end the world, then what were the hearts of those who remained?

Yahweh's wrath left the world with such emptiness as it erased the Gustav Empire from the map.

"Commander! The storm is getting stronger!"

A massive Category Six storm had reached the continent, but there was nothing left to blow away.

Patter! Patter patter patter!

Deep underground, Shirone, who had fallen into sleep, heard the sound of rain coming through his dreams.

"Hah!"

Though he had no memory of it, his body knew that Sojeonghwa's light orb had destroyed the world.

"Are you okay?"

Rian's voice came from the darkness.

"Where is this?"

Without even thinking to look for where he was, Shirone asked, and a torch lit up on the right.

In a space over 30 pyeong that Rian had clearly excavated, dozens of people were sitting.

The expressions of those looking at Shirone were mixed with fear and resentment.

Gustav had been a place protected by the demon race, and now they had lost even their place to live.

Rian looked up at the ceiling and said.

"There's a typhoon. Let's stay here for a while."

Though it was the strongest wind Rian had ever seen in his life, since there was nothing built above ground, it would retreat soon enough.

"I want to go."

Shirone said weakly.

"Let's go out." Rian looked at Shirone who was hanging his head with a gloomy expression and fell into thought.

He was certainly the greatest contributor to victory, but he could understand wanting to get away from the Gustav people.

"Yeah, let's go out."

When Rian stood up, an old man muttered.

"Crazy. You'll get swept away and blown off by the wind."

"When the rain penetrates the ground and comes down, collect water. If you endure for about two days, the typhoon will disappear."

Since it was Rian who had created an underground shelter with just a few sword strikes, the people didn't try to stop them anymore.

"Get on my back."

When Rian offered his back, Shirone shook his head.

"I can go alone. And to cross the typhoon, I'll need to cast magic."

"No, rest a little more. You're very tired. I'll break through with Axing. Get on my back."

If it was Shirone, the world's strongest magician, his mental strength would recover with just a few hours of sleep.

But what was hurt was his heart.

After thinking for a moment, Shirone seemed to make a decision and got on his back, and Rian stood up.

'Is he this light?'

Though Rian could lift rocks, his friend's body felt surprisingly weightless.

He seemed withered away.

"Let's go."

He placed the great straight sword in his right hand against the ceiling and thrust upward with all his strength, and a hole burst open with a bang.

As people stared blankly, Rian escaped the shelter with a single leap.

Whooooooooo!

Tremendous wind struck the two of them, but Rian's body, enhanced with Denai, wasn't pushed back.

Rain was pouring down, and the angle of the falling raindrops was almost horizontal.

"Whew."

Rian held the great straight sword forward to cut through the wind and slowly moved forward, asking.

"Where should we go?"

Shirone hugged Rian's neck like a child who had lost something to lean on.

"...Rian."

After walking aimlessly for 10 minutes, Shirone finally spoke.

"Don't you resent me?"

Rian thought.

'If I say I don't resent you... would Shirone believe me?

Even if it was an unavoidable situation, would it be possible to have not even a speck of hatred toward the one who killed my family?'

"I'm sad about hyung's death too."

Though his voice was buried in the wind, Shirone was listening through Rian's back.

"I wanted to have more conversations with him. But Shirone, I don't resent you."

"Because you made a knight's oath?"

"That might be..."

Rian spoke honestly.

"But a knight's oath means nothing. There are countless knights in the world, and they betray their lords. The reason I don't resent you isn't because I made a knight's oath, but because you are my lord."

Shirone was too exhausted to immediately understand what difference there was between the two cases.

"It's not your fault. If you decided to do something, I believe there must be a very big and deep reason that I couldn't think of."

"A great cause."

Shirone hugged Rian's neck tightly.

"Would my family think the same way?" Rian couldn't answer.

"Would Reina noona, Grandpa Klumph, and Uncle Bischoff believe in me too?"

"Let's go to the Ivory Tower."

The mages of the Ivory Tower would be able to comfort Shirone's heart.

"I'm going to Tormia."

"Shirone."

"I'm going to the Ogent family to ask for forgiveness. Until then, I don't think I can do anything."

Rian slowly turned direction in silence.

Whooooooooo!

The typhoon made a burning sound as it struck the two of them.

There was nothing on the ground.

The sea of Jincheon was burning fiercely.

"Graaaah!" In the flames, 8th Corps Commander Miturah fought with all his might, but it wasn't enough to stop the four Great Stars.

"De, demon world..."

Shouldn't he open it now?

"Stupid fool."

Minerva, who had flown 100 meters into the air, sucked on her pipe and blew out smoke.

When the combustible gas chemically reacted with fire, an explosion that would blow away the entire sea occurred.

"Uooooooo!"

In the steam, Miturah, burning in flames, spread his limbs wide and roared.

"I'll kill you all!"

Amanta from the Department of Balance took command.

"It's bluffing. Keep going."

As his prophecy predicted, the demon world didn't open, and the remaining three launched a full attack.

"Krack! Krack!"

Miturah was miserable.

"Why..."

Why couldn't he open the demon world?

Even when he pushed his heart with the determination to self-destruct, it only converged to the limit and couldn't reach its destination.

"It seems like the state of mind is separate from strength."

Freed raised his sword and charged.

"But sometimes that's everything." Though they lacked the ability to open the demon world, each of the Great Stars had convictions that transcended death.

"Shall I tell you why you can't open the demon world?"

Miturah, bound by Syng's laws, looked up at Freed flying toward the sky.

"You can't open it because you can't open it."

The heart is truly mysterious.

"De, demon wooooorld!"

Miturah screamed, the demon world didn't open, and Freed's sword cut his neck.

Miturah's face, which fell into the sea with a splash, sank into the abyss with the same surprised expression.

"It's over."

When Freed sheathed his sword, the three Great Stars quickly flew around.

"The demons fled. What happened?"

Though Miturah was a fool, it was unusual for them to scatter, disobeying the corps commander's orders.

"It must be connected to Gustav. Since Shirone went, it would have been resolved somehow."

It would be much later when they heard news about Sojeonghwa and were shocked.

Syng said.

"Let's leave this to Jincheon and return to the Ivory Tower. We need to establish future measures."

There was no dissent, and the four Great Stars immediately headed north across the sea toward the North Pole.

Jincheon survived.

The 11th Corps, which had taken control of the south, was engaged in fierce battle chasing a party of only three people.

Though the corps commander had already been annihilated by Gaold, they still had forces numbering over ten million.

"Over there! Kill them!"

Gaold in a worn coat, Kang Nan guarding his side, and Zulu who had summoned Cougar took battle positions.

Kang Nan said.

"Leave this to us. Rest even a little."

Gaold's condition was serious - his hair had turned white and he was skin and bones.

"Rest?"

From the moment he refused eternal rest, there could be no respite in Gaold's life.

"What's that?"

As always, Gaold advanced straight toward the approaching army.

The power of破界 would annihilate the demons, but Gaold's magic came at the cost of pain.

'I can endure it.'

Wouldn't it be too unfair to give up here after enduring all these years?

"Maze."

Gaold's pupils rolled upward.

'Air Press.'

The pain is...

"Huh?"

When he opened his eyes, what he saw was a completely different smell of air from the demons surrounding him on all sides.

'What?'

Hideous demons with blades instead of arms rushed at Gaold.

"Die!"

When he reflexively fired Air Gun rapidly, the grotesquely twisted bodies were torn to shreds.

'Where is this?'

While his head wasn't clear, a brigade commander raised a hammer behind Gaold's back.

"Dangerous!"

Kang Nan kicked off the ground and flew up, striking the brigade commander's face with her knee.

With the power of Divine Transcendence, the monster's face was crushed, and Kang Nan turned her head immediately upon landing.

"What are you doing! Quickly open the exit!"

"Time..."

Gaold, who had been muttering, asked.

"What date is today?"

At the out-of-nowhere question, Kang Nan frowned but didn't have time to argue.

"The 16th! Why are you asking?"

"The 16th?"

Four days of memory had been deleted from the point when he cast Air Press toward the army.

"Damn it."

Though he had experienced short-term memory loss since the self-reciprocating mutation occurred, this was the first time the period had extended this long.

"All units attack!"

From the sky, demons with bat wings shot fireballs at Gaold and Kang Nan.

"Gaold...!"

At the same time Kang Nan screamed, Gaold's eyes shone and atmospheric pressure skyrocketed.

"Uaaaah!"

When he screamed while clutching his head, Kang Nan and Zulu, who had been walking on the beach, turned around.

"Does it hurt? Isn't it too frequent lately?"

Gaold looked around.

'The sea. The edge of an island?'

He could see that Kang Nan's clothes were burned.

"When did you get hurt?"

"I got burned a little this morning while breaking through the siege. We were together. Why are you acting like this?"

This time it was about 6 hours.

Zulu, realizing that Gaold's condition was strange, opened his usually quiet mouth.

"Tell us the reason. If we're going to keep fighting, we need to know too."

"I am..."

His memory cut off.

"Uaaaaaaah!"

When he came to his senses, he felt tremendous pain, and demons were surrounding him on all sides.

"We'll avenge our corps commander!" 

A cylindrical pillar of Air Press was crushing the demons, but Gaold felt too unfamiliar.

'What am I?'

Why was he fighting?

"Let's retreat for now! There are too many! You said the power of破界 is gradually weakening too."

Had he said that?

'The power weakened?'

Because he couldn't bear the pain.

"Wait a moment."

Overcoming Kang Nan's strength pulling at his coat, Gaold placed his hand on her shoulder.

"What now?"

"I am..."

Gaold asked with an incomprehensible expression.

"Why am I fighting?"

"To obtain Maze. Because she wants you to fight. Satisfied?" Gaold's pupils shook.

"Maze."

...Who was that again?

Kang Nan gritted her teeth and said.

"You... be honest. There's something, isn't there? You're hiding something from us."

"Ah, Maze."

He remembered.

"It's nothing. I've just been thinking a lot lately. Anyway, let's get out of here."

The moment Gaold took a step, Kang Nan grabbed him.

"Really?"

"I said so."

Kang Nan's eyes widened.

"You know what? You asked me the exact same question 2 hours ago." Gaold couldn't answer.