[787] Alpha Fish (5)

"Hngh..."

With the man who had tried to bite his tongue and die collapsing after being struck on the back of the neck, all the villagers had fallen unconscious.

The only people still awake were the gypsies, who were easy to distinguish due to their different attire.

But even if they couldn't be distinguished, the captain of the guard would have had no trouble identifying the guilty residents.

'This is why His Highness is incomparable.'

Havitz fears nothing.

'Even if he receives condemnation from the world, His Highness is also the ultimate pinnacle of what humans can aspire to reach.'

This was why he, who held the title of Imperial First Sword, willingly served a frontier king in what was essentially exile.

'I will definitely make His Highness emperor.'

Seven years later, he would have his head severed in a single blow by the battle doll Natasha who came to Havitz's playground.

His last words, spoken with his severed head, were said to be "I have seen the ultimate of combat."

"Havitz, you said?"

The gypsies stared blankly at Havitz holding Abella.

He wasn't Emperor Gustav Havitz XVI, but just being Havitz who ruled the eastern frontier of Arcaba made him an existence like heaven to them.

'They say he's an unprecedented tyrant.'

Though the gypsies wandered the world without fixed homes, they knew there was one among the emperor's sons who possessed endless madness.

"Abella! Come here! Quickly!"

Having tasted Havitz's cruelty through the pirates, Abella's mother couldn't bring herself to approach and only gestured with her hands.

"Don't be afraid."

When Havitz whispered, Abella nodded.

"Yeah. I'm not scared at all anymore."

The scene of death, the near assault - to a nine-year-old child, it was no different from a natural disaster.

But what mattered to her was that the villains who tormented her were gone.

"Because mister defeated the monsters."

Only adults see invisible tightropes.

"Put me down please."

Though renowned scholars of the world cannot give a clear definition of the figure called Havitz...

"Are you going to mommy? Then shall we play tomorrow?"

In Abella's eyes, Havitz was just a boy her age with super powers stronger than any adult.

"We have to leave now."

Having lived a gypsy's life, Abella knew the tribe would move villages by tomorrow.

"Really?"

Havitz showed a disappointed look.

"Abella, come here quickly. Don't bother the noble sir."

As her mother gathered courage to approach, Abella reached out her hand toward Havitz.

"Mister, since you're an adult, can you give me money?"

"Abella!"

Her mother shouted.

"Sure, I'll give you 10 billion gold. I have lots of money."

Though Havitz readily agreed, Abella shook her head as if that wasn't it.

"No. I want to buy one flower from here. This time one where I know the name and variety. And I'm going to start a flower business."

"How can you do business with just one flower?"

"You plant flower seeds every year. Tend them and grow them, and tend them again until there are enough flowers to open a flower shop..."

Abella's eyes glistened with tears.

"Will you come visit my shop? Let's play together again."

Perhaps parting with Abella was so disappointing that Havitz also sniffled as he searched his pockets.

"Of course. To play together I have to grant your wishes, so I'll definitely come see your flower garden."

A gold coin was placed on her small hand.

"Abella!"

When Havitz left the village, Abella's mother immediately ran over and smacked her bottom.

"What on earth have you been doing? You almost died! Do you understand?"

"Waaah! Why are you hitting me!"

At the child's words, seemingly unaware of the situation's severity, her mother grabbed her shoulders and looked her straight in the eyes.

"Look at me! I told you not to meet just anyone, didn't I? Do you... do you even know who that person was?"

"Huh? That person?"

Looking back where Havitz had left, Abella wiped her tear-stained face and said brightly:

"Mustache mister."

"Huhuhuhng! Huhuhuhng!"

As Havitz continued sobbing sadly on the way back to the castle, the captain of the guard spoke up.

"Your Highness, if parting is so disappointing, why don't we bring all the gypsies to the castle?"

Havitz's crying stopped abruptly, and a killing intent the captain had never experienced in his life pierced his eyes.

"I-I'm sorry!"

He didn't know what he had done wrong.

"Abella said she would tend a flower garden and show it to me. But you say to bring her here? Are you even human?"

'I can't figure him out at all.'

Was it really so important that Abella tend a flower garden and Havitz visit her there later?

'He seems to act on desires, yet...'

Sometimes he shows perfect restraint.

'No, that too is an expression of desire.'

Thinking it's just a promise with a nine-year-old is an adult's privilege.

For Havitz, it was the most powerful driving force of his life.

"Call her a witch."

The reason he didn't strike the captain's neck was because he felt there was some logic to it.

"Before executing the Bardol residents..."

The captain immediately bowed his head.

"Command me."

"Investigate all family relationships. Research the residents' cousins, eighth cousins, ninth cousins and kill them all. Don't miss a single person."

"What?"

Since it would roughly be over 10,000 people, the captain raised his head.

Reading sincerity in Havitz's face, he hurriedly bowed and replied:

"I shall obey your command!"

"She didn't know what she was doing."

Uorin said.

"Havitz is free from the law, but by Law Number 2, he must be feeling another precept that refers to himself. Of course, due to chaos's nature, it's far from rational. In any case, instinctively..."

The result was shocking enough to warrant a pause.

"He actually investigated all the Bardol residents' cousins, eighth cousins, and ninth cousins, and killed approximately 22,000 people."

Watching Abella's shoulders tremble again, Minerva spoke.

"You knew, didn't you? Instinctively."

"Right. If that chaos called Havitz hadn't interfered in that village 14 years ago, Miss Abella would have been assaulted by the pirates."

That's how one becomes a witch.

"Even if she hadn't awakened there, the result of the village's massacre would have become a new cause in some way, following Miss Abella for life."

Havitz blocked that at the source.

"For 14 years. Until she became an adult, he bombarded every variable that could have tormented her, creating a lawful wasteland. That's why Miss Abella didn't become a witch."

Minerva glared at Abella.

"You knew too, didn't you? That after you left, all those who shared even a drop of blood with the villagers died."

"N-no!"

After hesitating briefly, Abella confessed.

"Actually... yes. I heard from my mother later. She said if not for Uncle Havitz, I would have become a witch."

"Those people were innocent. You know that too?"

Abella shed tears.

"Yes."

When she was nine years old, she could look at the same things as Havitz and empathize with the same things.

But eventually, when you become an adult, you see the invisible tightrope, and Abella understood it all.

Sirone asked.

"Did you think about calling Havitz to your flower shop?"

"No. It was a childhood promise. I later realized how absurd those words were. Even the flower I bought with the money mister gave me withered after a year. I cried for days then."

"The problem is..."

Iruki said.

"That promise is still valid for Havitz. He's probably still waiting for Abella to call him."

There was no disagreement.

"Then the success rate would be higher, but..."

Sirone interrupted Minerva.

"Miss Abella, what about your mother currently?"

"She passed away two years ago. She was always frail. But she was happy that I opened a flower shop."

Since quite some time had passed since the Yoos disappeared, it seemed Abella had no remaining family.

Minerva spoke again.

"We're planning to kill Havitz. The most important thing is your will. Can you do it?"

'Uncle Havitz...'

She knows how many people were sacrificed as the price for Havitz breaking the witch's fate.

'Mister is a bad person. Really, truly a bad person.'

Abella closed her eyes.

'He buries people alive, starts wars, even kills completely unrelated people... so that's why...'

I can live this happily.

'The conflict must be severe.'

Sirone understood Uorin's words.

'Evil can sometimes appear attractive.'

Because it accomplishes what humans cannot.

"But it's a delusion, Miss Abella. Havitz is merely endless chaos, the ultimate evil defined by humans."

Therefore, he shouldn't exist in the human world.

"I'll do it."

Having made her decision, Abella slowly opened her eyes.

'Yes, let's die. Let's die together, mister.'

Uorin said.

"I'll give you one last chance to think. Not for your sake, but for ours. We know this isn't something that will succeed through coercion."

"No, I've decided. Though I received help from Uncle Havitz, countless people died because of me."

She also felt a desire to atone to them.

"I'll do it. I don't know what abilities I have, but I'll do my best."

After Gando took Abella away, Uorin looked around the room and said:

"We've secured the alpha fish for now. Once we bring the beta fish, all preparations will be complete."

Iruki rested his chin on his hand.

"...There was a survivor."

Sirone also realized.

"Ah, I see."

"The 22,000 innocent people Havitz ordered killed. But even an emperor can't find all blood relatives. You've already found her, haven't you? The one who hates Havitz most?"

Uorin honestly revealed:

"Right. She who escaped the massacre 14 years ago currently resides in the Arachne Kingdom."

Lawfully, it could be called a fantastic match.

"Arachne? That's in the southern hemisphere."

Gudio added:

"It's the Seven Royal Stars representing the 10 island kingdoms of the South Continental Sea. It's also famous as a resort and political refuge."

"It's also where the World Beauty Contest is held."

Everyone looked at Mais.

"Just... I was curious who would win. It's around this time, right? I don't have any other feelings."

Sighing, Uorin said:

"The problem is she's hiding her identity. So Sirone, I want to ask you."

He was already prepared.

"Please bring the beta fish. As one of the Five Great Stars, you should be able to request asylum records from the Arachne government."

"What information do you have about her?"

"Her real name is Amary Jestin. We couldn't confirm what name she's currently using. She's 27 years old, and has burn scars from when she was seeking asylum, on her right side below the chest, around the ribs."

If it was such a distinctive scar, it would definitely be helpful.

"It's almost from one end of Kashan to the other. Considering international terminal waiting times, it wouldn't be much different from flying."

Iruki asked:

"Isn't that more monster-like?"

Uorin smiled.

"Take Ratusa. It'll be helpful."

Tier 3 monster, the strange bird Caidra.

He vividly remembered when they stopped at the southern desert oasis Vanguard and together pierced through Nosekarta, the desert god.

'It was really difficult, but now even that's a memory.'

He suddenly missed Rian and Kido.

"I'll leave right away. Have Ratusa on standby."

As Sirone opened the door with Iruki, Mais suddenly jumped up and shouted:

"Make sure to find out the winner's swimsuit color!"

The door closed with a thud.