The Ugly One (4)

The Valkyrie units that had been maintaining defensive positions along the border between Jive, Molton, and Bornai had all retreated.

As the army of hell advanced southward, Havitz strolled through the Jive Kingdom, now reduced to ruins.

Natasha, who was escorting him, asked:

"There's nothing but corpses here. What are we doing? Going to the battlefield would be much more fun." Balkan had already led the army of hell southward.

"Not everyone's dead."

Havitz added:

"We need to kill them."

Natasha tilted her head with a doll-like, adorable face.

"Havitz is cruel."

Since the army of hell had left this place, the survivors would be feeling hope for life.

"Can't we just leave them alone? They're pitiful."

Her voice wasn't particularly emotional.

"Natasha, you're really strange." As Havitz moved forward, Natasha followed behind with precise steps and asked:

"I'm strange?"

"Balkan, Smodo, Zetaro. They're all interesting guys, but you're different. How should I put it."

Havitz looked back at her.

"You seem like a good person."

Should he call her a good-hearted person?

"You're tender-hearted too. You didn't even take revenge on those bastards who broke your back, did you?"

Natasha supported her head with both hands.

"What's the point of revenge? It's not like I can dance again because of it." She raised her index finger for emphasis. "And I'm absolutely not a good person! Do you know how many humans I've killed so far?"

"That's true."

Havitz kicked at the corpses with his foot, checking if there were any survivors left.

"That's why I say you're strange. You kill countless humans, but..."

A man was lying under a wooden plank.

"On the other hand, if you had been on humanity's side, everyone would have liked you. And you would have stood against me and saved many people." That was the feeling.

"Hmm."

Lost in thought, Natasha frowned.

"What does that matter? Anyway, I'm traveling with you. And I have no intention of switching sides."

Havitz said as he moved the wooden plank aside:

"I also enjoy being with you. What I'm trying to say is, you should do whatever you want."

"That's what I'm doing."

Having finished their conversation, Havitz looked down at the man lying on the cold ground.

"Get up."

Like a miracle, the man's body stirred.

"Pl-please spare me."

Drawing his sword from his waist, Havitz immediately plunged it toward the man's heart.

"Gaaah!"

And he peered into the eyes of the dying man.

'Resignation. Regret. Resentment.'

Eyes that seemed to integrate a person's entire life into one.

'It's coming.'

At the end of that gaze, an indescribable feeling blazed up for just an instant.

'What could it be?'

It was like witnessing the evaporation of life itself, something that could never be found in the eyes of a dead corpse.

Natasha asked:

"Why are you obsessed with that?"

"Just curious. No matter how many times I see it, I never get tired of it. It's like an addiction. That's why I keep killing."

Natasha wasn't particularly interested.

"If you want to kill more, let's go somewhere else. There don't seem to be many survivors here."

"Then let's go to that village over..."

Where Havitz's finger pointed, instead of a village, silhouettes of people were standing.

As Natasha turned her head, she saw that over 100 people had somehow surrounded them.

Those equipped with strange mechanical devices, those wearing robes like wizards, those with bare torsos and dark skin.

It was the Immortal Community.

The sun had set and the surroundings were dim, but each of their fighting spirits seemed to burn like the sun.

Three men and women walked through the crowd of immortals.

"What's wrong? What's happening?"

They were clearly different in temperament from the other hundred.

'An unusual feeling.'

Natasha's instincts weren't wrong, given that they were executives of the Council of Ten who had lived for over ten thousand years.

Vanishing, the nihilist of Nor and 5th in the Council of Ten's hierarchy, pulled out the massive brush strapped to his back and asked:

"What are you guys? Jive should already be destroyed, so what's your reason for loitering around here?"

"No need to ask. I'll just check myself."

Oshirante, a Meca tribe woman and 8th in the Council of Ten's hierarchy, held an egg-sized drone to her eye.

Through augmented reality, Havitz's information appeared.

"Huh? This guy is Gustav's Emperor."

"Oho?"

Itoka, a Kergo warrior and 6th in the Council of Ten's hierarchy, raised his thick sword.

"An Emperor?"

At the murderous intent emanating from his body like a hedgehog's spines, Natasha's eyes gleamed.

'He's strong.'

Physical technician Itoka.

He was known as Kergo's strongest warrior, said to surpass even the 9th-ranked Park Nyeo with a sword.

"He'll make a fine trophy. I came looking for Buddha, but to meet such a big shot."

After Ange Ra disappeared, the executives of the Council of Ten scattered to various parts of the world.

Those who had gathered now were the executives who had decided to find Nane and raise the world again.

Vanishing, the team leader, looked beyond the horizon.

'It's not easy to find him since he's with Shura. He may be weak, but he's good at hiding.'

Havitz stroked his mustache and asked:

"Are you our enemies?"

Oshirante, the Meca tribe technician, answered:

"If you're Gustav's Emperor, you're the ultimate evil of this era. We're not exactly enemies, but we're not allies either."

"Then can't you just let us go?"

The immortals burst into laughter.

"Bwahahaha! What? I expected something from the leader of hell, but you're nothing without your demons?"

Havitz was calm.

"I don't want to fight for now. I want to kill those who have lost their will to fight."

He wanted to see more of life's final flame.

"Is that so, you bastard?" Though not a pacifist, even to the immortals, Havitz's evil deeds were disgusting.

"Have you been having fun killing people all this time? Let's see if you can still enjoy it when you're the one getting beaten."

Havitz turned around.

"Natasha."

"Yeah?"

"I'm going ahead. This kind of thing is annoying." Natasha nodded.

"Okay. Go ahead."

The immortals drew their weapons.

"You're going to run away and leave your companion? Now I see you're not the leader of hell but just a piece of trash." Criticism poured out, but Havitz didn't respond, and Natasha entered their field of vision.

"Dance of Death."

Natasha, who had changed position, raised both arms and bent both knees inward with a crack.

Just before her knees touched the ground, a skull avatar floating 10 meters high connected steel wires to her limbs.

"Avatar technique?"

It was a high level, but for immortals who had lived over a thousand years, it was basically elementary knowledge.

"No need to waste time. Kill her."

As the Kergo warriors launched themselves, a cold light appeared in Natasha's eyes.

Dance of Death.

Killing machine.

The afterimage of a doll dancing madly. "Aaahhh!"

Ignoring all the sounds as if the world was ending, Havitz just walked toward the village.

And finally, all sounds disappeared.

"Gaaah!"

As Natasha's fist pierced through the solar plexus, blood flowed back from Oshirante's mouth.

With that, the battle was over.

The time from start to finish was less than 4 minutes.

'How is this possible...'

On Oshirante's retina, the augmented reality data that the drone had transmitted just moments ago flickered.

She regretted more than death that she hadn't had a chance to analyze Natasha's physical ability stats.

'Isn't God crazy?'

How did He create something like this?

It was clearly a creature created by an insane god, or it shouldn't have been created by god at all.

'In my opinion...'

Without reaching a conclusion, Oshirante collapsed on the cold ground like her other companions.

"Whew."

Natasha wiped the sweat from her forehead with the back of her hand.

Though it was a short battle, a radius of several hundred meters had been turned into chaos as if bombed.

"They were impressive guys."

Even by Natasha's experience, they were among the most skilled in the current world.

'That's why they should have left when Havitz told them to.'

That was the extent of her sentiment.

"Havitz."

She bounced up as if springs were attached to her feet and caught up with Havitz.

"Finished?"

"Yeah. I killed them all."

In Havitz's mind, the only being defined as 'strong' was Natasha.

"Didn't seem to enjoy it though."

"What's fun about fighting? It's tiring and annoying. At least I can dance while doing it."

Was killing three of humanity's strongest just like dancing under moonlight to Natasha?

"Then when are you happy?" Natasha, who had been lost in thought while looking at the full moon, turned her head to Havitz.

"What about you, Havitz? Are you happy that I killed them?"

"I'm happy. Winning is fun." Natasha smiled with satisfaction.

"Then I'm happy too."

Havitz blinked.

"You're really a strange child."

All of Gustav's 4th generation were strange, but Natasha's case was a bit different.

Unlike the other friends, she didn't particularly have a reason why it had to be 'Havitz.'

"This place is all burned down too."

The two people entering the village looked around at the scenery that had already turned to ruins.

Havitz's eyes briefly showed disappointment as he had been excited about killing survivors.

"Too much. Even if they're my subordinates, to kill everyone without leaving even one person."

Shouldn't they leave something to enjoy?

Just as he was thinking that, the sound of a baby crying carried through the night air.

'A survivor!'

The two people who made eye contact ran to what was an almost collapsing old shack.

"Only a child survived?"

As Havitz spoke, the baby's crying from inside the shack stopped.

"Hmm."

When Havitz kicked the bottom of the door, it opened and a rotten smell pierced their noses.

Under the moonlight streaming through the plank roof, a fat woman was breastfeeding a child. She had a flat nose with irregular teeth protruding outside her lips, and a face with slanted eyes.

"Did you come to kill me?"

Havitz entered the house.

"Yes."

"Wait. Let me finish feeding the child."

Havitz waited.

The woman who had been nursing and soothing the child raised her head.

"And if you kill me, you take this child and raise it. Otherwise, it'll starve to death."

Havitz examined the child's face.

"Is it your child?"

"Uh huh."

"What about the father?"

"Don't know. This is a desperately poor village. I sold my body to mercenaries for a piece of bread. One of them must be the father. Whether he's dead or alive..."

"Eating well."

Havitz put his sword down on the floor and crawled toward the child the woman was holding.

The breathing of the child sucking milk with all its might sounded like gasping for air.

"Is it that delicious?"

As Havitz stared at the eating without even blinking, the woman asked:

"Do you want to try too?"

Havitz's gaze moved upward.

"Me too?"

"I have two breasts. If you want to eat, eat. But give me bread in return. Do you have bread?"

Havitz nodded.

As he crouched down like an animal and waited, the woman turned her hips and offered her other breast to Havitz.

"Here. This side."

Havitz, who had been staring at the woman's foul-smelling breast, pursed his lips and closed his eyes.

Suck. Suck suck.

As the sucking sounds became intense, Havitz's eyelids began to tremble.

'Life.'

They were connected.

Suck suck. Suck suck.

Natasha silently watched the two young children buried in the woman's chest.