Circulating World (3)

The remaining five instinctively realized in the face of Chagall's swift killing technique.

"Prepare yourselves."

Scattered around Ethella, they each drew their weapons and revealed their murderous intent.

"We're the same kind as you."

"Same kind?"

Chagall's eyebrow twitched.

He didn't think himself nobler than them, but even killing techniques had their ranks.

"I don't mix with anyone. Put away that disgusting talk and come at me if you want to die."

"We used to think that way too." A brainless potbellied man approached, wrapping steel wire around his palm several times.

"I don't know what era you're from, but this is hell. A society where scum like us are law-abiding citizens. If you persist with that petty pride, you'll face the baptism of the Black Chains."

"Black Chains?"

The potbellied man laughed.

"As expected, you know nothing. I'll slowly teach you the terror of hell. Have you ever heard of the Strangler Edron?"

Chagall's expression remained indifferent, but Ethella looked back at the man with surprise.

'Strangler Edron. A serial killer who cruelly strangled 109 people to death 180 years ago.'

Edron pulled the steel wire taut.

"I don't care about anything. As long as I can strangle the life out of something living. Of course, humans are the most fun. That expression when they stick their tongues out long, when their eyes roll back. Those movements when they kick their legs to survive drive me crazy."

According to Ethella's memory, he was imprisoned and hanged himself on the 44th day.

"Human Dismantler Aberio."

A man with serious buck teeth moved a large cutting tool like scissors as he spoke.

"I killed 287 people. My hobby is dismantling. My life's greatest record was dismantling a human into 3,287 parts at the minimum units of engineering and biological function. I might break that record today. For reference..."

The corner of his mouth rose wickedly.

"In hell, you don't die easily."

The two serial killers that Chagall had stabbed with his swift swords were still writhing.

"...Information is definitely necessary."

He didn't want to help Ethella, but being caught off guard by the unknown was also unpleasant.

"I'll give you a chance. Anyone who wants to live, raise your hand. Exactly one person - I'll spare one person who provides me with information."

"Hehe, I thought so."

A weasel-faced man drew a chain scythe and crouched like a mouse.

"I don't know where you've been rolling around, but your treatment of seniors is terrible. Know your misfortune. I'll cut off your limbs and put you in a box. You won't even be able to meet the Black Chains."

"Senior, huh."

Heat haze shimmered around Chagall, and countless daggers fell like hail.

"Come at me."

Though the serial killers were wary of the inexplicable phenomenon, retreat in hell meant eternal downfall.

"Combined attack."

The moment the words ended, the five serial killers kicked off the ground and rushed at Chagall.

The air trembled with a whoosh, and dozens of swift swords moved as if alive.

Before Ethella could even step forward, two serial killers fell with blades embedded throughout their bodies.

"Aaaah! Blood, blood!"

As they spewed out all the blood in their bodies, Chagall's face was once again covered in blood.

"Got you! Now's the time!"

The heavy Edron nimbly rolled on the ground and wrapped steel wire around Chagall's ankle.

Chagall didn't even look down.

"Old-fashioned."

As he flicked his wrist while holding a dagger, swift sword shells repeatedly stabbed into Edron's back.

"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!"

As blood spouted like a fountain, Aberio charged forward with his cutting tool wide open.

"I'll cut you from there!"

The cutting tool approaching his groin closed with a snap under leverage force.

Doubt flashed in Aberio's eyes.

'What's so hard?'

Chagall, in a lowered stance, had horizontally wedged a swift sword held in reverse grip between the cutting tools.

"Hmph! Even so!"

Just as he was about to crush even steel, Chagall twisted his wrist 90 degrees and struck upward with the dagger.

"Aaaah! My, my face!"

The blade struck his jaw and came out, and Chagall skillfully slashed him to pieces.

With blades embedded in all his vital points, Aberio trembled without being able to fall.

"Huh? Huh? Aaaaaaah!"

Suddenly his eyes bulged wide, and like a bursting balloon, he sprayed blood in all directions.

"Senior? My style is just old school."

As Chagall turned his blood-soaked body, the face of the man with the chain scythe went pale.

'He's a monster. What the hell is that thing?'

If you're a serial killer who terrorized an entire city, you should have some skill.

'That guy isn't at that level. National-level, or kingdom-scale fugitive. Maybe...'

He might have been pursued worldwide.

'I don't understand. Why would such a guy be bound by chains of fate with someone else, not some other karma?'

A serial killer of that caliber should be in the Blade Hell or Cauldron Hell, shouldn't he?

'Does that mean that woman is that important?'

As Chagall approached, the man with the chain scythe aimed his weapon at Ethella.

"Stop! Come closer and I'll kill the woman."

Chagall stopped walking, but didn't feel the slightest concern for Ethella.

"Kill her. If you can."

"I'm not joking! I'll really kill her! If this woman dies, you won't be safe either!"

"That's why I'm telling you to kill her. I don't care."

"You...!"

Just as the man with the chain scythe quickly turned his body, Ethella threw herself forward.

"Gack!"

As the Yin-Yang Wave Fist's consecutive strikes drummed on the man's belly like a drum, blood poured from his mouth.

"Grrrrr!"

As the man clutched his aching stomach in agony, Chagall put his foot on his back and said:

"Now tell me everything you know. Unless you want to end up like those seniors over there."

"Ow... owww..."

The man could only nod repeatedly.

"Hmm, Black Chains."

Having obtained much information from the man with the chain scythe, Chagall and Ethella had serious expressions.

"Let me summarize."

Ethella said.

"There's an organization called the Infernal Resource Management Corporation that manages hell. Humans who fall here are purified by hellfire and reborn as new demons."

Chagall stated the information he needed.

"Purified demons can be killed. But guys like these who haven't entered hellfire yet - the fugitives - even if you kill them, they're not really dead."

Looking at Aberio still writhing with his jaw split, purification seemed preferable.

"Yes. And the beings that catch these fugitives and purify them are called Black Chains. They're probably like grim reapers?"

Chagall asked the man.

"Hey, you. Have you actually seen the Black Chains?"

The man, now with far more wounds than before, opened his mouth with a terrified expression.

"Y-yes. I wasn't caught by them myself, but I've seen fugitives being taken away. They're terrifying beings. Pitch black and full of damp, sinister energy. We need to move quickly too. The Black Chains might come."

"What do they look like?"

"Well, they're pitch black and have sinister energy..."

As Chagall silently raised his swift sword, the man made a wronged expression.

"It's true! I didn't dare get close enough to see their appearance. When Black Chains appear, you just turn around and run. Please believe me."

"Fine. But more importantly..."

There was a more important matter than the Black Chains.

"The Corporation. You said the Karma Management Department is watching us?"

"That's what I heard."

"They also respond when we request how much time we have left to complete our karma?"

"Yes. I saw that directly. Or should I say heard? Anyway, let me tell you in advance - it's better not to listen. It's an enormous amount of time. The guy I saw had a whopping 1,200 years. He was half-crazy, going around killing randomly. I don't know what happened to him now. Well, he probably hasn't been purified yet. People with remaining karma can neither die nor live, like us."

Chagall looked at Ethella.

"Why don't you try it? How much time we have left together."

As the one who needs knows where to dig the well, Ethella raised her head to the sky.

'Please...'

Let it be time that humans can endure.

"Are you watching us now? How much time is left until our karma is complete?"

"Time remaining until purification is..."

A businesslike voice came from the sky.

"87 cosmic years, 2,875 keung, 3,241 trillion, 6,442 billion, 8 million 907 thousand and 109 hours remaining."

While no one could speak, the man with the chain scythe muttered with a blank expression.

"What, what? What kind of time is that?"

Even though it wasn't his own karma, it was such a despairing amount of time that it brought tears to his eyes.

Ethella collapsed to her knees.

"That's impossible. How can such a time come out? What on earth did I do?"

The informant said.

"For reference, your purification time is confirmed to be the seventh longest in the history of the other world."

First place was Lucifer.

"We thank you for your intense emotions, and the karma you've sent will be put to good use. Always working hard, Infernal Resource Management Corporation, this was Informant Riona."

Chagall shrugged his shoulders.

"Kukuku, interesting. Hey, let's take it slow. You have to live with me for an eternity, right?"

While Ethella was in a daze, the man with the chain scythe looked at both of them and asked:

"You two... what the hell did you do?"

Tormia Royal Castle.

Shirone, who served as headquarters for simultaneous events, closed his book and rubbed the bridge of his nose.

'The outer world.'

Among the countless events happening around the world, this was a particularly shocking incident.

'Artifacts exist in material form. But when you 'use' them, even humans become objects. They weren't meant for people to use in the first place.'

He could feel the higher dimensionality of the outer world through his skin.

'The problem is Ymir's mental state. It's still not connecting. I don't know how it's progressing.'

The object <Zhuangzi's Butterfly> had definitely combined Shirone's information with signals from the outer world.

'In other words, the境地 has changed. If that's the difference from the times with Gyorgi's Taegeuk or the Maica ruins...'

All the answers were likely held by the Shirone fighting in Ymir's mind.

Then came a knock.

"Shirone."

At the welcome voice, he opened the door to find Zulu, who still hadn't regained her color.

"Ms. Zulu, is it okay for you to be moving around?"

She had barely regained consciousness three days ago after suffering critical injuries from Ymir's attack.

"I'm recovering quickly. Fighting is still too much, but I wanted to hear about the situation."

"Yes, please come in."

Shirone handed her warm tea and sat across from Zulu, sharing everything that had happened.

She listened calmly to the many events, but raised her head at the mention of artifacts.

"Ancient advanced civilization. You mean that might be connected to the outer world?"

"Yes. It's not certain. The Maica ruins were completely scattered, and I, who had some realization, can't overlap because my quantum signals have changed."

"Hmm."

Zulu, having drunk her tea, said:

"Shirone, won't you come somewhere with me?"

"Yes? Oh, of course simultaneous events make it possible anytime... but your body hasn't recovered yet."

"Let's go to the Middle East, to Paras."

"Paras? Ah, are you going to visit your hometown?"

Zulu put down her teacup and, as always, conveyed the precise meaning in Middle Eastern language.

"There's an ancient advanced civilization there."