The Dark Clan (4)

Genocide's hideout was a small cabin in the forest beyond the castle walls.

It was a cozy place with logs burning in the fireplace, but when they went underground, a fortress equipped with sophisticated machinery was revealed.

There was a passage leading to the weapons storage, and on the opposite side, a machine room could be seen.

"Welcome back. Did the job go well?" A woman with grease stains on her face emerged from the machine room door.

She had red hair cut short like a man's and a dirty towel around her neck.

"Oh my, who is this person?"

Zenia didn't trust anything uncertain.

"Not sure yet. I met him on the way. Where is Mr. Grain?"

"In the medical room. He seems to have developed some new drug."

When they entered the end of the corridor, there was a space wider than the cabin, lined with medical facilities.

A doctor with a bushy white beard who had been looking into a microscope turned his chair around.

"You're back, our assault captains."

Doctor Grain.

A Genocide-affiliated doctor and clinical trial specialist who knew everything about vampires.

"I see a new face. Don't tell me... you're not a vampire, are you?"

It was a common joke, but this time the group's reaction wasn't very friendly.

"That's why we brought him. This man calls himself the Knight of Maha. Self-proclaimed, of course."

"Oh? Then he's even more suspicious. Slaying ten thousand demons isn't within the realm of biology."

"Stop the nonsense and check for us. Can a human whose heart has stopped come back to life?"

Grain turned to Rian as if asking for an explanation.

"What are you talking about?"

"Actually..."

Since he had heard about this person called Grain on the way to the hideout, Rian also voiced his curiosity.

"Hmm, so you hear hallucinations of someone called Smille, and when you do, your wounds regenerate. Even from a state of death."

"Yes. Now I seem to have forgotten how to die."

Grain nodded.

"That's unusual. But it's not a special phenomenon. Immortality is originally an inherent characteristic of living beings."

"You mean I won't die?"

"What is death? We don't say a stone has died when it breaks. Living beings also came from inorganic matter. If you trace back to the primordial organisms, the original matter, there's no concept of death there."

Rian listened silently.

"But why didn't they evolve into immortal beings? It's because of viruses. Small things existing at the midpoint between living and non-living organisms infect specific information."

Grain struck his palm with his fist.

"Do you understand what I mean? If you don't seek to change information, you'll become extinct due to viruses. There are limits to defending with mutations alone. So living beings adopted the unique method of information combination. They create new information through the combination of male and female, then discard the existing information."

"That is death."

"As long as viruses exist, old information must be discarded and new information must be endlessly produced. The reason animals dislike incest is also for this reason. Combining with old information doesn't help in fighting viruses."

Grain pointed at Rian.

"The hallucination of Smille - you said your grandfather heard it too. But you don't know who Smille is."

"No."

"You might actually know. Even if it's not in your memory, it could be imprinted in your genes."

"Genes?"

"The more you enter the world of particles, the more you realize there's no analog in this world. Life is also nothing more than a collection of information in minimal units. I think your manifestation might be very old genetic information that responds to specific stimuli."

Zenia asked.

"When that information activates, you don't die?"

"It's possible. As I said earlier, death wasn't originally a function that life possessed."

Rian asked.

"Is it possible to extract the information recorded in those genes into my head?"

He wanted to know.

Who was the owner of <Idea>, and why did Ymir know about Ozent?

"I don't think it's impossible." Grain stood up from his seat.

"The hallucination you hear is also genetic-level memory penetrating into your head. But to go deeper would require a complex process."

"A complex process?"

"Genetic information isn't human writing. But the brain is a perfect translation device. If specific stimuli trigger memories, we could try varying the direction and intensity of those stimuli."

Grain was an expert.

"It probably wouldn't be within the realm of what a living being can handle. No matter how much you can regenerate, pain is real. So tell me, how far have you experienced?"

"Well, I've experienced my heart stopping quite a few times." As he said this and looked back at Zenia, she shrugged as if she now believed him.

"Have you ever had your head cut off?"

"Never completely severed." Grain's lips trembled.

"If I were to experiment on you, I'd start by cutting off your head. I'd want to know the limits of recovery."

"My brain has been destroyed before, but—" Grain shook his head.

"That's strictly different. The body is a combination of core functions where no part can be said to be more important than another. What's not core has already been eliminated. If you have no experience, it's a dangerous attempt. You wouldn't want that either."

While he was curious about Smille's hallucination, he couldn't die meaninglessly.

"I still... think I have things left to do."

"Right, it's a last resort. Stay here and let's try various things."

Rian asked.

"Then what are vampires? Did they also activate immortality at the genetic level?"

"No. It's rather the opposite." Grain looked back at Rian.

"Strictly speaking, they're not living beings. They're viruses. Injecting specific information into humans to control them, or absorbing their information to regenerate their bodies. Everything follows the mechanism of viruses. Neither living nor non-living - half-divine, half-spirit beings."

"You mean viruses evolved?"

"No. They were living beings at first." Grain's thoughts traveled back in time.

"Long, long ago... there was a bat that gained a human body by realizing its avatar form."

It was an old tale.

"Like any human, he was obsessed with immortality and eventually obtained it. But he wasn't satisfied there. No matter how infinite a lifespan is, it can't prevent the annihilation of an individual. That's why I can't cut your head off."

Living beings can be annihilated by some powerful force.

"He wanted to exist until the end of the world. So he traced back to the origin of living beings and found the most efficient method."

"Viruses."

"Right. Half-divine, half-spirit. In exchange for giving up half of his substance, he could become a virus that never dies."

Murderous intent filled Grain's eyes.

"That's the origin of vampires. Currently ranked 3rd in the Ten Lords Council, True Demon Faust Malse."

"...You know about Heaven."

"Not in detail. What I know is information obtained from tracing vampire lineages. Faust, who obtained true immortality, naturally lost his reproductive ability. Instead, he injects special prions from his fangs to make others submit."

"You mean purebloods?"

"When the True Demon stayed in our world, three humans were injected. They are the Lords who rule vampire society."

Grain drew a genealogy in the air with his finger.

"The Lords created dozens of Almas-class vampires, and the Almas created thousands of Vesicas. The further down the lineage goes, the more distant they become from the True Demon. But one day, someone from the Vesica class had a mutation."

"What kind of mutation?"

"They gained reproductive ability." "That Vesica fell in love with a human woman and had a child with her. Amazingly, even that child had vampire characteristics. We call them half-demons. But the purebloods call them this."

Grain raised his index finger.

"Mongrels."

Zenia's face darkened.

"Countless mongrels spread throughout the world. Through indescribably various crossbreeding, things like werewolves emerged. Of course, reproduction among half-demons was much more common." Grain glanced at Zenia.

"In that process, mutants with abilities impossible even for pureblooded vampires were born."

"What kind...?"

"Just as viruses have unique wavelengths, vampires also have special wavelengths. The ability to accurately detect those wavelengths and track their location emerged."

The biggest reason vampires couldn't be eradicated was that they were difficult to distinguish from humans.

"An incredible ability."

"Right. That's how vampire hunters were born. Their characteristic is being born with silver hair. That's why we call them Silver Bones."

Only then did Rian look back at Zenia.

"Hmph, what?"

Grain said.

"Right. Zenia is a Silver Bone. Her skin burns under UV rays and her ability to detoxify silver is extremely poor, but her body regenerates through blood and she has physical abilities comparable to vampires." Just then, the woman from the engine room, engineer Facet, entered the medical room.

"But she eats human food instead of blood and has reproductive capability too. She doesn't have bat avatar either."

Bat mimicry, one of vampire abilities, was the avatar of True Demon Faust passed down through generations.

"Facet, is the work finished?"

"What kind of work is counting live ammunition? Anyway, we got some money from this job, so I increased the silver ratio in the alloy. The paralysis effect will increase by 10 percent compared to before."

Power clapped his fists together.

"Hahaha! I want to shoot it quickly! I'm dying to see the expression of a vampire getting hit!"

Facet extended her hand to Rian.

"Nice to meet you. I don't know what happened, but it seems the misunderstanding is cleared up. I'm engineer Facet. I work on modifying firepower weapons."

"Firepower weapons?"

Drug specialist Katein said.

"There are three main ways to deal with vampires. Firepower weapons, drug weapons, and metal weapons. They all target weaknesses."

Facet continued the explanation.

"Firepower weapons use silver. It slows down vampire recovery. Drug weapons use a drug called Anti-cell that Mr. Grain manufactures. And metal weapons—" Zenia drew out a jet-black metal thin sword.

"Dark gold. Made from an alloy with Obscura B added."

"Obscura..."

It was a material used in video recording devices, and due to its rarity, it was an item handled by the state.

"Vampires can't penetrate Obscura B either."

Facet said.

"It's incredibly expensive. It's a mineral that only occurs in ultra-low temperature dark rooms and can't even be made through alchemy. So we can't even think of using it for firepower weapons and use it for metal weapons instead. For a skilled swordsman, it's much more efficient than firepower weapons."

Zenia showed a rare smile.

"What effect does Anti-cell have?"

"Basically, it coagulates blood and destroys cells. Vampires are also defenseless against cellular-level attacks."

Grain held up a syringe.

"Still, you need various preparations to face them. If you get my Power Pack injection, it has pain relief effects and enhances muscle strength. Nervous system enhancement also increases agility."

There would be side effects too.

"Do you all fight after getting that shot?"

"No, Zenia is an exception. For half-demons, there's something much more efficient than Power Pack."

Zenia took out a slender mechanical device.

"Blood Cue (Menthol)."

It was a device that heated blood into steam for inhalation.