The Ivory Tower Great Assembly (2)

Habits' army left Benaford and continued marching westward, advancing toward Cashan's royal castle.

It was an unstoppable procession, but the expression on Balkan's face as he sat in the military position was meaningful.

Two dice kept spinning in his hands, and his eyes were indifferent to external stimuli.

"What are you thinking about so deeply?" Natasha asked, but no answer came.

'Twelve came up four times in a row.' Balkan opened his mouth.

"Do you think Habits received special favor?"

Smodo and Zetaro showed interest, as if understanding something from his words.

"You mean last night's dice game?"

"Yes. It wasn't magic or trickery. Habits nearly died with high probability yesterday."

Smodo said.

"The world must still want to keep him alive."

"No, it's quite the opposite."

Balkan's thinking was different.

"The world doesn't particularly care about anyone. If you think getting the same number on dice a few times means being chosen, that's foolish thinking. There are much lower probabilities than that. The probability of one sperm fertilizing an egg reaches one in billions. But we don't think we were chosen because of that."

Zetaro grasped the point.

"It feels like being chosen because that's how the result turned out."

"When you think about it, Habits has always been like that. So let's reverse our thinking. It's not that luck follows Habits, but rather Habits is defined by the fact that he's still alive despite everything."

Smodo said.

"So it's not like a miracle." Balkan nodded.

"Yesterday Habits could have died. And if he had died, we wouldn't be having this conversation right now. Habits' history would have simply ended there. But he lived, and created a story that will become part of legend someday."

Smodo, who had been deep in thought, asked.

"What is... time?"

"The law that makes this world progress. Therefore, those bound by the law can never turn it back. Of course, I've heard that the Five Stars of the Ivory Tower can break the law of time."

Balkan continued his explanation.

"It might already be predetermined. Ultimately, the important question we need to consider is whether Habits still exists at the end of time."

Natasha asked.

"How can we know that?"

"No one can guarantee it. The result might be dying meaninglessly after overcoming several dramatic crises, but...

Habits has become Satan.

"Perfect chaos. If he's an existence outside the law, he can't be killed by any phenomenon in this world. It's not that miracles happen or defensive barriers suddenly appear. He's already reached that result."

"So blocking <Law Kill> and yesterday's dice game were just events proceeding according to predetermined incidents?"

"Right. Being outside the law can be called a kind of law-breaking. He commands hell's army, but there are many strong humans too. Especially in the Ivory Tower, they're crawling all over. But we know Habits' future."

He will never die.

"No matter what happens, no matter what wicked and vicious gambles he takes, Habits won't die. What Habits possesses isn't military power, but the unchanging future itself. We must make full use of this point. And if my hypothesis is true..."

Balkan looked beyond the horizon.

"We will win this war."

Twelve Mini, a 2nd-grade resident of the Ivory Tower, came looking for Shirone who was resting on the 400th floor.

She usually maintained a small physique that could fit in one's palm, but today she maintained normal proportions.

Her expression was different from usual, with her glossy black hair and neatly worn suit.

"The Ivory Tower Great Assembly. This is my first time." Following the Star Lord's instructions, it was the largest meeting where all major figures of the Ivory Tower gathered.

As far as Mini knew, the last Great Assembly was right after the Trial of Twenty when Miro entered the dimensional wall.

The woman walking beside Mini, with curly blonde hair tied back, spoke.

It was Mini's satellite, Ariana.

"I heard from Araka. At that time, the power struggle between the five departments was fierce."

It wasn't just fierce - the Ivory Tower nearly collapsed.

"It's perfectly predictable. Those who received star titles are all stubborn in their own ways. Even Borbor is stubborn in the direction of not being stubborn, strictly speaking."

Ariana held her head with both hands.

"That's why it's annoying. A gathering of all the stars. And even satellites too. It wouldn't be strange if the Ivory Tower turned upside down. What is the Star Lord thinking?"

"It means the situation is that bad. Anyway, we need to support Shirone well so we don't get pushed around by other departments." Ariana snorted.

"Hmph, twenty-two years old, they say? Honestly, I don't understand. How does someone become one of the Ivory Tower's Five Stars right after graduating magic school? If it were the previous Mahagarluta, I'd acknowledge it, but..."

Mini cautioned her.

"Ariana, this is a matter of the Integrated Space-Time Management Department's honor. And he's as great as Mahagarluta. He's the one who single-handedly stopped Nane."

"I know he's one of the Four Transcendents of Law. But philanthropy - do you think that's what this world needs right now?"

"There must be problems we can't approach. For instance, something operating at the extremes of law..."

Ariana was impatient by nature.

"Ah, I don't know. I'm here because I like doing 'pairs' with you. If he's worthless, I'll send him flying with a drop kick. Then I'll tag with you and slam him into the ground with a double backdrop, hehehe."

She was certainly the type to do exactly that.

"Besides, this is annoying too. Other departments are moving busily following the Great Assembly order, but we even have to go pick him up? Isn't he being too arrogant for someone who just received a star title?"

Mini was also puzzled about that.

"He's not that kind of person, I wonder what's happening?"

They arrived at Shirone's house, but not even the slightest sign of presence could be felt from inside.

"Is he not here? They said to go here." When there was no response to knocking, Mini exchanged glances with Ariana and opened the door.

"Excuse me..."

The moment she saw the scene before her eyes, her face turned pale.

"Five Star!"

Tears of blood were endlessly pouring from the eyes of Shirone, who stood in the center of the wooden floor.

With the floor soaked in blood, Mini hurriedly moved forward.

"Shirone! What happened here?"

Shirone didn't answer.

He just clenched both fists tightly and glared fiercely ahead with blood-red eyes.

"Shirone...!"

Just as she was about to touch Shirone, Ariana spoke.

"Stop. Leave him alone."

"But if we leave him like this, the bleeding will..."

"Stay calm. Come here and look carefully."

At Ariana's words, Mini slowly stepped back.

Sacred light was dripping like water drops from Shirone's entire body.

"He's purifying."

"Purifying? What?"

"Anger. He's trying to remove even the slightest anger lodged deep within."

Mini shook her head.

"He's sufficiently level-headed. Having reached the state of philanthropy, what would he have to be angry about now?"

"That's why he's going through this miserable process."

Ariana looked down at the blood pooled on the floor.

"Even if he's a transcendent, he's still human. He has people he loves and things he wants to do. Sacrificing for the world? That's the emotion most distant from being human."

"...How long has he been in this state?"

Since the Great Assembly order came down a week ago, he must have been tormented by anguish for at least longer than that.

"He can't hear anything."

"He's lost his reason to anger. He's purifying with Yahweh's state, but if he fails, he'll die."

"Then we have to save him!"

"But if he can return, he'll enter a completely different realm from the current Yahweh."

Mini closed her mouth.

"I heard the <Law Kill> project failed. It might be the sense of responsibility for that. Or it might be self-loathing for not being able to protect his loved one in a world facing catastrophe."

"I heard he has a lover."

"He was able to accept the philosophy of philanthropy because of hope that he could win. But when hope disappears, doubts arise about why only he must suffer such pain. He's destroying himself, consumed by the anger of emptiness."

"Conversely, that means there's no hope."

There's no way to defeat ultimate evil.

It meant that the upper levels of the Ivory Tower also suspected the concept of fixed and unchanging future that Balkan spoke of.

"This would be in the same context as this Great Assembly. They're still trying to fight. To become stronger."

"By purifying anger?"

"Humans are defined when they understand with their heads and act accordingly. But the heart is different. He's trying to truly become Yahweh beyond just reaching that state. And he needs to reach that level to..." Ariana got to the main point.

"Be called a Five Star we can respect."

Mini looked at Shirone with a pitying expression.

'Please.'

The blood was pain, and the flowing light was tears that Shirone's heart was shedding.

How much time had passed?

The sphere of light flowing down from Shirone's head began to dissolve fluidly.

"What's that?"

And finally it poured down over his entire body, covering him in brilliant radiance.

'Ah, I see.'

The color of blood flowing from his eyes gradually became transparent, turning into tears.

'This world is not beautiful.'

Those who say it's beautiful have simply thrown the dice well and gotten high numbers.

But even that was nothing more than occasional luck that happens in the ruthless gambling table.

'Now I understand, Nane.'

Nane, who was defeated by Gaold.

The reason he allowed the law-breaking of all existence, even abandoning Buddha, was.

'We don't live because it's beautiful. We live to make it beautiful.'

If that's truly possible.

If one believes that ideals can be realized in this hellish present world, it meant going to the end even by breaking the rules.

'That's why we fight.'

Accepting Nane's enlightenment to reach higher realms.

Since everyone suffers anyway, even distinguishing between you and me becomes meaningless.

'All things are integrated.'

Simply one universe.

As if burning his body, light full of love and compassion blazed from Shirone's entire being.

"O-One of the Five Stars..."

Mini and Ariana stepped backward.

As the anger of emptiness was instantly extinguished, Shirone's eyes snapped open.

Beyond faith in love, to an existence that carries love through.

"Now I can fight."

Though it was only a small change, the size of heart that Shirone had to move would have been close to the universe.

Ariana raised the corners of her mouth.

"He's transcended."

In Shirone's appearance with Yahweh's light rising like heat waves, no trace of anguish could be found.

"Huuuuu."

Finally ending his long meditation, Shirone regulated his breathing and calmly looked around.

"Huh?"

Two women in neatly worn black suits were looking at him.

'Who are they?'

The blonde was someone he'd never seen before, but the black-haired woman looked familiar.

"Mini? What brings you here?"

The small, cute woman who liked wrestling and didn't hesitate with sexual jokes.

'The atmosphere is completely different.'

But today she maintained normal proportions and even wore a suit, looking exactly like a refined lady.

'Something must have happened.'

Mini said.

"As expected, you didn't hear. There's a Great Assembly. Oh, and this is my satellite. Say hello."

Though she was nervous about possibly being rude, Ariana politely bowed her head.

"It's an honor to meet you. I'm Ariana, satellite of 2nd-grade Mini."

Mini let out a sigh of relief.