Another Space (3)

The Kashan Empire.

The cultural city of Averion was a special tourist district where one could see customs and artifacts from all over the world in one place.

True to an empire with strong pride in its culture, it was one of the cities that hadn't suffered much damage despite the aftermath of war.

Human resilience was truly tenacious - as the demons' momentum weakened, the markets regained their vitality.

It seemed like the only paradise in a doomed world.

"Hmm."

And among those countless crowds, Havitz activated Vanishing's ability and drew his sword.

"Buy it! It's cheap! Royal cactus extract that can only be found in Averion for just... gack!"

Havitz beheaded the merchant and caught the glass bottle the man had been holding and promoting.

Blood spurted out magnificently, but no one in the market felt anything amiss.

"Pretty necklaces for sale. Handcrafted jewelry woven with desert crystals. A gift for your wife..."

As Havitz tasted the cactus extract and extended his arm, the sword tip pierced through the old woman's neck.

In that position, he peered into the glass bottle, smacked his lips, then pulled out his sword and turned around.

Then he smashed the glass bottle directly onto a passing pedestrian's head.

The bottle shattered with a thud.

The pedestrian who collapsed to the ground was bleeding but couldn't understand what had happened to him.

Havitz stabbed his sword into the man's abdomen, and finally began slaughtering passersby as his mood struck him.

Even as the market transformed into a sea of blood, people continued to laugh and chatter.

Havitz's eyes sank into an abyss.

"What a disgusting place."

When the demon realm opened, Havitz had tasted tremendous pleasure through the gods' frequency.

Especially when the emotional plague broke out, he had trembled while lying sprawled in the wasteland for nearly half a day.

But the voices he collected in Averion were far from what he preferred.

Swinging his sword as he moved against the crowd, he stopped in front of a fabric shop.

A young woman with a baby on her back was bent over, selecting fabric.

Havitz looked at the child.

"Ah-woo, ah."

The child, who seemed to have just passed their first birthday, was reaching out to Havitz with a smile.

Havitz held out his blood-stained sword to the child and slowly moved it left and right.

"Ah-ah. Ah."

The child waved their hands trying to grab the sword.

The middle-aged woman who owned the fabric shop watched the actively moving child and said:

"Is it your son? He's very curious."

"Oh, really? That's strange. He's well-behaved at home."

"He's happy to be outside too. Kashan's guardian deity might be bestowing blessings."

The baby's mother laughed softly.

"Kashan's guardian deity?"

"Something my grandmother told me when I was little. She said babies can see gods. It's different from adults' eyes that are tainted by the world. So in grandmother's time, when a baby gestured at empty air, they would offer prayers. Please let our baby grow up healthy, they would say."

"I see..."

It was probably just old-fashioned folklore, but now that she was a mother herself, such things interested her.

The shop owner suggested gently:

"Why don't you try it? You have nothing to lose."

"Oh, should I?"

Though she felt embarrassed to actually do it, she closed her eyes with a heart that cared for her baby.

"Dear god."

Havitz picked his ear and yawned.

"Please keep our son from getting sick. And please help him become a wonderful person."

When Havitz brought his face close to the baby and made a funny expression, innocent laughter burst forth.

"Ah-woo! Ah-wooo!"

The mother was startled.

"Oh my, he laughed. Did you hear that just now?"

Honestly, she got goosebumps, but she knew it was just a coincidence anyway.

"See? The god answered you. He must have bestowed blessings on the baby."

Since she felt good regardless, the mother handed over both pieces of fabric she had been weighing.

"I'll take both of these."

Since it was quite expensive fabric, the shop owner was delighted with the profitable sale and packed the items.

"I'm happy when mothers are happy. I threw in an extra handkerchief - use it as a bib for the child."

"Thank you."

While the mother received her items, Havitz held the baby's tiny hand and moved it up and down.

"Yes. Handshake. Handshake."

"Ah-woo. Ah-woo."

The baby, who had been drooling and laughing, clung back to his mother's back when she turned around.

"Take care."

After waving goodbye to the departing baby, he plunged back into the crowd.

"Yesterday's sandstorm was severe. The windows..."

When he swung his sword at a passing pedestrian, the neck was severed in one strike and a fountain of blood spurted up.

"The blade has dulled."

Behind him as he headed toward the blacksmith, hundreds of corpses lay submerged in pools of blood.

Wena Wizard.

A talent who was once ranked 6th among the Ivory Tower candidates, whose whereabouts had been unclear since then.

"I think I've heard the name. How old is he now?"

Miro said.

"Seven years old. I heard about Wizard when Wigo joined Zion. He's dead now though..."

"Yes. It's tragic."

Sky Wigo was also a promising magician, ranked 9th among the Ivory Tower candidates.

'He was a strong person.'

Though he was subdued by Sirone, his incarnation technique called Dump was at an amazing level.

'Did the Ivory Tower rate the seven-year-old Wizard higher than Wigo, who was four years older?'

Sirone was getting curious too.

"What kind of child is he?"

"A innate awakener. I heard he opened his Spirit Zone when he was about three months in the womb."

"Right after the brain formed."

"That's right. With an immature brain, he reached a level of concentration impossible even for adults. Can you imagine what happens when a fetus perceives the world through synesthesia while in the womb?"

Sirone couldn't answer.

Though there had been quite a few innate awakeners in human history, this was the first case of entering the Spirit Zone.

"Where is he now?"

"I don't know. When the world war broke out and personnel became crucial, I did obtain the list of Ivory Tower candidates..."

Since no one had been added after Sirone entered the Ivory Tower, it was the final list.

"Investigation results showed everyone dead. But if they're good enough to be Ivory Tower candidates, forging documents would be child's play. Of course, some probably really died, but at least Wizard should be alive."

"How can you be so sure?"

"Because he can't die. Actually, it's somewhat contradictory - there's no such thing as 'absolute' in combat, right? But considering Wizard's characteristics that I investigated..."

"You mean it's absolute?"

Miro nodded reluctantly.

"Humans are born, learn about the world, and gain the ability to conquer that world. But Wizard is different. He's belonged to the world since he was a fetus. Honestly, I'm more puzzled about how that child could possibly die."

She pointed at Sirone.

"For example, if you attacked me, I would consider all variables in an instant and make the best choice. Whatever happens, I think and calculate. But Wizard..."

"He just knows?"

"Probably something like that. From what I've heard."

"Hmm."

Sirone fell into thought.

"All magicians use omniscience. You, Sirone, would be at the pinnacle of that. Wizard is different from the very foundation. If I had to express it in words... I'd call it prescience."

"Prescience."

"Right. Not calculating, not thinking, just responding. Like nature itself. And because of that..."

Sirone said:

"He's pure."

He can perceive Havitz.

"Yes. Still only seven years old. As he ages, cognitive limitations might develop and his prescience could deteriorate. That's why we need to act now."

"But isn't it too cruel? If he's truly pure, facing Havitz would be..."

"It can't be helped. Neither you nor I, not even Nane can kill Havitz."

"Because of collision impossibility."

"Right. The very event of Havitz dying doesn't occur. The moment we make any calculation, the law spits everything outside the collision boundary. No matter how hard we try to get close, we ultimately can't succeed. But Wizard can."

"Because he doesn't calculate."

Miro nodded.

"Havitz's chaos is like an amoeba that multiplies through desire. It's so violent and unpredictable where it will extend its tentacles. But strangely, really strangely..."

According to her insight:

"Purity. When you don't define Havitz, he becomes impossibly quiet, like a lie. As if the chaos has fallen asleep."

A thought pierced through her mind.

"Idea and Chaos. The two numbers of law. If you don't define chaos, chaos itself cannot exist."

"We need to find Wizard."

Miro's voice gained strength.

"Havitz can hear the waves of the heart. We've reached a point where even perjury is impossible. There's no method other than the innate awakener."

Sirone understood too.

"I'll go with Amy. With Lampa's help, we should be able to find him."

Tess was on the verge of tears.

"What do I do..."

How could she be in her right mind when she was applying black oil to the perfectly alive Lian?

'It must hurt.'

She wouldn't be able to endure it if someone told her to hold her hand over a campfire for just 3 seconds.

"This isn't right."

Suddenly her mind went blank and she reached a state where normal thinking was impossible.

"Sirone, wait a moment. No matter what..."

Then something heavy settled on her shoulder and Tess turned around.

"Ah..."

It was Lian's grandfather, Klump.

Sirone, who had turned his head at Tess's voice, spotted him and walked over.

"Hello."

"Indeed."

Klump stared intently at Lian, who was sitting cross-legged 20 meters away.

"Are the preparations going well?"

"Yes. I'm sorry."

Though they had already informed Lian's family in Creas, seeing it with their own eyes would be on a different dimension.

Tess said:

"Grandfather, do we really have to go this far? How can we set fire to a living person? What if he can't endure it..."

The moment Lian's Idea disappeared, his body would turn to ash.

"Of course not, to my precious grandson."

As Tess's eyes widened, Klump continued with a benevolent smile:

"No one can set fire to my grandson. As long as that fool doesn't do it with his own hands."

"Grandfather."

"Let's go. Hold your chest high with pride. Shouldn't we at least respond to Lian's courage?"

Holding Klump's arm, Tess moved with heavy steps toward Lian.

The smell of oil stung her nose.

"How does it feel to be dragged to hell?"

Lian, who had been deep in meditation, opened one eye.

"I don't know if I can do it. I'm terrible at this sort of thing. It might take a long time."

Tess shouted:

"That's not what I mean! I'm talking about how you feel. Can you endure it? If it gets too much, rest a bit before continuing."

Though she said it because she couldn't bring herself to say "give up," it seemed to become an even more cruel thing to say.

"It will be difficult."

Klump's expression finally became serious too.

"You won't want to endure it. But that will be the key to hell. If you want, I'll leave."

Who would want to show their family their agonized screaming?

Instead of answering, Lian looked at the distant castle walls.

A black-haired swordsman stood there.

'Rai.'

Even after the battle ended in Bashka, his brother had never once come to see Lian.

"Let's begin, Sirone."

As Sirone approached, Klump and Tess stepped back while keeping Lian in their sight.

Tess was anxious.

'Should I go back to the castle? Should I stay here? No, if my being here makes Lian more miserable...'

"Tess."

When the pale Tess looked up, Lian was smiling with one eye closed.

"Watch closely. See how magnificently I pull this off."

As Tess barely suppressed her bursting tears and nodded repeatedly through gritted teeth, Sirone raised his hand.

"See you in hell, Lian."

A small flame blazed above his palm.