Twilight (1)

'Is it still far?'

With a massive size spanning between galaxies, Ymir was lost in thought.

So enormous that it was farther than light, and even blinking exceeded the speed of light...

There was no gravity.

'That's the problem.'

As a result of unleashing his giant transformation ability to the fullest to prevent his neck and limbs from being torn apart.

'Even the smallest particles that could be called matter have been severed. It's difficult to exert force in this state.'

Still, he could do it.

As long as the Ultima of 10 billion Gaians defined him as Ymir.

"Graaah!"

Power began to gradually flow into specific parts of his body, which consisted purely of signals.

'A mere planet like that...'

Though the signals defining power had spread to over 30 percent of his entire body, escape remained distant.

'Damn it. Just catch something, anything.'

The moment his power signals made contact, the planets of the Five Star System would crumble like dust.

'I only need to destroy one.'

Therefore, 30 percent was a realistic number.

"Kekeke."

Miraculously, he might be freed now, or perhaps it would take even longer.

'Just wait.'

That too would be in the not-so-distant future.

Three years had passed since they began living in the dream world created by Lufist.

Of course, that was their perception. Sirone was still gazing at the sea, and Gaold's group visited less frequently.

The only change recently was that his hair had grown gradually, becoming long.

At the time, Gaold's group had engaged in heated discussion but couldn't find a satisfactory answer.

Lufist had said this:

"The fact that his hair is growing means he's beginning to accept the time within the dream. However, he still doesn't sleep or eat. No one knows what state the Five Great Stars' mind is in - no one will know."

Perhaps not even Sirone himself.

Only the sound of waves repeating every moment seemed to tell stories to Sirone.

And at some point.

"Ah...?"

Sirone's mouth opened again for the first time in three years.

Though Gaold's group, who were engaged in their livelihoods, weren't here, Lufist was shocked to the point of nearly fainting.

Mong-a shouted.

"Did you hear that? Just now the Five Great Stars...!"

"Shh."

Sirone rose from his seat and walked slowly, pointing toward the vast ocean.

"Ymir..."

Lufist followed the direction of Sirone's fingertip with his gaze.

People aboard dozens of small boats were rowing toward land.

"This can't be."

The 1.5th layer created by the dream demons was impenetrable even for the master of the mind.

Mong-a's voice trembled.

"Could it be... has it been breached? There are about 100 of them."

"It seems so."

What Lufist had overlooked was that the master of the dream was Ymir, who possessed Ultima.

"We need to flee quickly!"

Without taking his eyes off the sea, Lufist shook his head.

"Stay calm. While it's true that the boundary of the 1.5th layer has been breached, Ymir himself hasn't entered. Even with Ultima, one cannot freely infiltrate another's mind."

"Then why?"

"However... the strength of persuasion is tremendous."

When 10 billion people agreed, could the remaining one person firmly shout 'No'?

"But you're strong too, Lufist."

"Yes. And this is precisely the result of that. It seems I was persuaded by an extremely narrow margin."

Only then did Mong-a's expression change.

"What was the mechanism of persuasion?"

"Empathy. I acknowledged and accepted this world. That proposal was passed by 10 billion people..."

"So that's how those 100 entered."

It was one person per 100 million Ultima, but the fact that the 1.5th layer had been breached was undeniable.

"Let's go see for ourselves."

As Lufist headed toward the sea, 100 Asian men with long hair landed on the beach.

Their leader gave instructions.

"Check the headcount."

"Current personnel: 100. Total of 132 fell behind."

Lufist asked.

"Who are you people?"

The leader walked onto the sandy beach and said.

"We're the Tamo Organization. We travel the world smuggling weapons. We lost our subordinates when our ship was wrecked."

'Shipwreck.'

It was a system parameter.

"From what I can see, this seems like a decent place to live. We should be able to make a good profit here."

Lufist's eyes narrowed.

'Since they've compromised with my world, they won't be able to act completely freely. But that gait is definitely...'

A combat program.

'If they expand their influence, could they destroy this world from within?'

The deep layer was the realm of the unconscious - Ymir's instincts seemed to know how to win.

Watching the Tamo Organization enter the city, Lufist finally turned his attention to Sirone.

"It's been three years since we last met. Have you been well?"

There was no answer.

'As expected... there's still no will for deep contemplation. But this is definitely a catalyst.'

The fact that he had moved his body was proof.

'He's accepting this world more. From now on, he'll need to eat. He'll age too.'

Sirone might have known.

'Ymir's mind has invaded. The world created through compromise by all members has developed cracks.'

The compromise had been broken.

'In short, he's dissatisfied. The fact that the Five Great Stars showed change is also a reaction to that.'

Because change stems from dissatisfaction.

Therefore, as the Tamo Organization's influence grew, Sirone's group would awaken further.

"Five Great Stars, shall we go home? If you prefer the sea, you may stay here."

"No."

There was no longer any need to be obsessed with the sea.

"Let's go home."

Three months later.

Sirone was entrusted to Sein's house.

"The Five Great Stars has thrown himself into the vast ocean. He's drifting endlessly, waiting for something to reach him. Please watch over him with patience."

Those were Lufist's words.

Sein, an architectural designer, mainly worked from home, while Miro attended school.

"Fresh fish for sale, cheap!"

And Gaold was selling fish that Kang Nan had caught from the sea at the market.

His workplace was a maze-like network of streets beneath fortress-like buildings.

"Buy fresh-caught fish!"

Watching people pass by under the murky neon signs, Gaold slammed his cleaver down.

"Damn it. Not a single customer."

As he lit a cigarette with clicking sounds, a familiar voice came from below the fish tank.

"That's because you're smoking. What customer would buy fish handled by hands that smoke?"

It was Miro, now twelve years old.

Her bright face still showed traces of youth, but she had grown taller and was developing curves.

"Where are you looking?"

Gaold took a deep drag of his cigarette with steady eyes and exhaled smoke.

"Why? Can't I look?"

"What are you saying? Are you in your right mind?"

Gaold chuckled.

"You know from what your dad told you. In another world besides this one, you and I were... like that."

Miro stuck out her tongue.

"Who would believe such nonsense? Sirone didn't say anything about it either."

Gaold smiled bitterly.

Why had Miro wanted to live in this world having lost all her memories?

"And I hate that old man. There's more than a thirty-year age gap, yet he says weird things. Ugh, disgusting."

Still, Miro visited the shop every day.

"Take a few fish with you. I don't know if that guy is feeding you properly."

As Gaold, with a cigarette in his mouth, was cutting off a fish head, a shadow fell across the cutting board.

"Hey, business going well?"

Gaold only raised his eyes while staying in that position.

'Tamo Organization.'

A gang that had entered the city three months ago and somehow taken control of the alley shops.

"Can't you tell by looking?"

When he handed over the money, the gang member counted it and said.

"You know, right? Shops that joined the merchants' association have to pay an additional 10 percent starting this month."

"I'm not doing that crap. Don't bother me..."

For a shop that was already struggling, paying an additional 10 percent was a significant blow.

"I know. Just saying to be careful."

The gang member pocketed the money and pinched Miro's cheek hard as he left.

"Ow! Do you want to die!"

"Haha! I like how feisty you are. You'll probably break a lot of hearts when you grow up."

"That bastard..."

Gaold stopped her.

"Cut it out. If you mess with them carelessly, you won't even be able to collect your bones. Take this and go home quickly. Your dad's waiting."

"Aren't you angry, mister? They're only paying half the price for fish that Kang Nan worked so hard to catch."

"There are worlds you don't understand."

If you entered the secluded alleys of the market, there were countless shops without even signs.

'Weapon smuggling dens.'

Raiding just one would provide enough weapons for the merchants' association to fight.

"Mister, you're a loser! Idiot!"

As Miro ran down the alley, Gaold extinguished his cigarette in a fish's eye.

"...Who says I'm not?"

Dream and reality - whichever was real, if he focused on one thing, he should be able to achieve something.

'I don't know.'

Gaold was still unable to find his bearings on the boundary between reality and dreams.

'It's not my fault.'

Before the Tamo Organization came, all he did was perceive the world called reality as a dream.

'Sometimes I get headaches. Events from reality penetrate my mind like stabs. Moreover...'

Even the emotions were vivid.

'Miro.'

He wanted to hold her even now.

If she weren't in the form of a twelve-year-old child, he wouldn't have been able to suppress his emotions.

"...This is maddening."

"Idiot! Sea anemone! Stupid!"

Miro returned home fuming, slammed the door, and shouted angrily.

"Dad! I'm going to get revenge!"

"Revenge?"

Sein, who had been looking at blueprints, took off his glasses and turned around in his chair.

"The Tamo Organization! Those bastards looked down on me!"

"I told you not to go to the shop. That's no place for kids to play."

Sein reached out to receive the fish, but Miro threw it hard into the trash can.

Arius licked his lips regretfully.

Whine.

"Don't eat that crap. That old man is trying to win my favor. You should see how lecherous his eyes are when he looks at me."

"That's possible. Let's say what you're saying is true. But then why do you go there every day?"

"Huh?"

Miro rolled her eyes and protested.

"Well... how should I put it? Like a tooth that's about to fall out? Even though I hate it, I keep wanting to touch it."

Sein couldn't say anything.

"Oh, right. About revenge. I have a great idea. I accomplished something amazing."

Miro hurriedly changed the subject, went into her room, and came back with a glass marble.

"What are you trying to do?"

"Dad, watch carefully. You'll be shocked."

Miro sat on the floor and held out both hands toward the glass marble placed on the ground.

"Hmm, it's not working well. Again..."

Sein, who had been simply watching his daughter, suddenly widened his eyes.

"It's working! Dad, can you see this?"

The glass marble began to slowly float into the air without even being touched.

A feeling that 'this is not what we compromised on' shot through Sein's mind.

"Miro!"

"Surprise!"

The marble fell, and Sein rushed to Miro, grabbing both her shoulders and shaking her.

"Where did you learn this? How did you do it?"

In all her twelve years of life, she had never seen her father make such a frightening expression.

"I just... it looked fun."

"Tell me!"

"Si-Sirone taught me!"

The moment she finished speaking, Sein rushed up the stairs to the attic room on the second floor.

"Sirone! You..."

Sein froze in the doorway, and Miro, who arrived late, looked up at the ceiling and laughed.

"Wow."

With Sirone at the center, eyes closed, all the objects in the room were floating in the air.