[772] Ball's Doubt (2)

While Sirone was conversing with Taesung, Minerva registered the *Law Kill* in the Ivory Tower.

Araka from the Internal Affairs Department handed over the documents.

"From now on, no matter what consequences the *Law Kill* brings about, the Ivory Tower will accept it as 'right.'"

"Thanks for your hard work."

"I just hope it will be used for good purposes. Though, if it's Saint Sirone, there's no need to worry."

"Ah, so I'm different from him?"

Araka responded with a smile in her eyes instead of words.

"You've become much brighter."

Before Sirone came, Minerva's face upon returning from missions had been colder than the countless corpses she had produced.

"Is that so?"

The *Law Kill* cannot be destroyed.

Of course, it doesn't have the absolute conceptual durability like Rian's weapon, *Idea*.

'A dagger that anyone could break with just a hammer.'

But ultimately, the *Law Kill* would be reborn by the laws of this world and fall into someone's hands.

'A crystallization of murderous intent.'

It was an endless chain reaction of death.

"It's different because it's Sirone, isn't it?"

At those words that seemed to read her thoughts, Minerva turned around and waved the document folder.

"Thanks. I'll repay you later."

Araka watched her walking away.

'Yes, the world will never forgive you.'

Because she was the Great Witch who ran to the extremes of evil.

'So at least, please forgive yourself. That's the only way you can endure, isn't it?'

No one wishes for the happiness of her, who drove humanity to the brink of extinction.

Hoping it wouldn't be too painful.

Araka thought.

"The *Law Kill* has been processed, and it'll take time for Terraforce's verdict to come out..."

As Minerva walked along organizing her thoughts, a gray-white brain came swimming through the air toward her.

"Brain, you were still at the Ivory Tower?"

Someone's nameless brain.

Even Minerva, the leader of the Human Safety Executive Department, couldn't know whose brain it was.

She could only guess through a few assumptions.

"What's the matter? It seems like you were waiting for me."

"......"

Sensing it wanted to find a quiet place, Minerva took the brain into her room.

The brain flew to a chair and cast an illusion spell, and suddenly a handsome man was sitting there with his legs crossed.

"What? What kind of service is this?"

"Don't you like it?"

Though it was a sweet voice that could melt a woman's heart, Minerva's eyes narrowed more than before.

'Here's the first assumption.'

Even if it could use magic, a brain was just a brain.

'It can't hear or see.'

Why could a brain with no sensory organs respond accurately to surrounding stimuli?

'There's only one possibility.'

It meant the brain's senses used the 10th stage, Mu-tae, and if so, it was possible to deduce what the brain contained.

'Akashic Record.'

Minerva thought there were two ways to withstand the reset that activated at the level of Mu-tae.

'One is Hexa.'

A new signal that came from outside the system.

'And the other is...'

Copying the Akashic Record and backing it up in a new storage organ.

'It's not Ankera.'

The brain's Akashic Record would be early information different from the current Akashic Record.

'Now is the Great Purification period.'

With three resets implemented, much information had been erased and no one could remember it.

But someone felt the necessity to preserve the original information to counter the reset.

'What were they trying to preserve?'

Conversely, what event lost the most information through the three resets?

'The history of Heaven.'

The first humanity, Gaia, who opposed Ankera.

'Therefore, the owner of this brain is very likely...'

To be a Gaian.

Though no more Gaia existed in the universe after Guffin finally left the photon system.

'They left behind the history of struggling against the whole.'

Through the brain of Mu-tae.

"Not particularly..."

Minerva smiled with a nonchalant expression.

"Not my style? You must not know women well."

"Is that so?"

As the brain rapidly deployed illusion magic, countless figures of all ages and genders spun like a roulette.

The last one to stop was Sirone.

"You've gotten quite playful?"

The reason the brain entered Minerva's department was to execute human safety.

"I understand you've decided to erase Nane?"

"Hehe, quite hateful, I see? No, what you really hate is the Ankera that Nane harbors?"

The brain didn't fall for the leading question.

"There's no need to leave everything to Hexa."

Since it was the words of a brain that might be the only one with Guffin's information backed up, she couldn't ignore it.

"I know. I have something that looks like you in my head too. It's not such a simple problem."

"I heard you met people playing card games."

"I saw the possibility of ending the game. But betting money in gambling is different from reality. You need to give a huge shock to either Good-Evil-Love-Void to break the balance."

"So you help Love to strike Evil?"

"Should I help Void to strike Good instead? It's the most rational among the choices humanity can make."

"Do you think it's possible with the *Law Kill*?"

Minerva closed her mouth.

"Evil is not an existence that can be overcome through rational judgment. Even if you change the laws..."

"I know. I'm looking for a way. First, I need to wait and see what verdict Sirone's violation receives."

Minerva, resting her chin in thought, muttered.

"It would be nice if some opportunity arose."

Eastern Middle Heaven Peak.

Though incorporated into the Jincheon Empire's territory, it was a legal holy land that even the Empire couldn't touch.

Tens of thousands of peaks rising through the clouds were once places where those who formed a school of law cultivated their minds.

Named the Monk's Mountain Range.

But now that the monks of Middle Heaven Peak had left for Zion, what remained were small citizens living by farming and...

"Kahahaha! Humans! Humans!"

The demons massacring them.

"Evacuate the civilians!"

The Jincheon Empire's army responded quickly, but the number of demons occupying Middle Heaven Peak reached 400,000.

'Damn persistent bastards.'

Though Jincheon competed for 1st or 2nd place in world population, the forces defending Middle Heaven Peak were limited to a mere 20,000.

"Block them! Fight with your lives on the line!"

The monks had left, but if the holy land of law fell to demons, humanity's morale would plummet drastically.

"Kraaaaa!"

Under the demons' offensive rushing in like a great river, the Imperial army couldn't even utilize the advantage of defense.

Gartas, the 7th Division Commander of the Hell Army's 4th Corps, was a monster with sharp needles protruding through the skin all over his body.

"You idiot! Is that all the torment you can manage!"

The ogre that had been severing human limbs flinched at Gartas's roar.

"I'm, I'm sorry!"

As it tried to lift a dead corpse's helmet to strike again, Gartas pierced the ogre's torso with his spike-covered foot and sent it flying.

"Uaaaaa!"

"No imagination! At minimum...!"

Grabbing a soldier's head and pressing it to the ground, he rubbed it at tremendous speed as if erasing with an eraser.

"Do at least this much!"

Park Ki, the Imperial army commander watching that horrific scene from afar, lost his mind.

"You bastard! What do you think humans are!"

At the sight of Park Ki riding down the hill on horseback, Gartas's eyes gleamed eerily.

"A decent toy."

"Even if I die, I'll take your head!"

Park Ki's skill, having learned physical arts up to 4-star level, was remarkable, and dozens of exchanges were made in an instant.

"This is the end!"

His spear penetrated the neck.

"Kukuku, feels good?"

Gartas walked forward as is and embraced both the horse and Park Ki with his massive body.

Kiheeeeeng!

With the embrace, the horse died instantly from shock, and countless spikes penetrated Park Ki's armor.

"Kugh!"

"How's that? Feels amazing, right?"

Piercing the body with thin spikes that wouldn't kill was a representative torture method regardless of country.

"Like this. Like this. Like this."

Each time the body shook, the pain intensified, and eventually Park Ki had no choice but to scream in surrender.

"Enjoying it?"

When he turned his head toward the voice, a man with tattoos on his face stood there with a sad expression.

"Krak!"

Gartas, who pulled out and dropped Park Ki, contorted his face in all sorts of ways as he turned his whole body around.

"Buddha..."

If Yahweh was an object of hatred for demons, Buddha was an object of fear.

"What brings you such joy?"

Behind Nane, Shura was massacring numerous demons with his Gestalt ability.

"Why did you come? Wasn't this the altar you liberated? To instill fear in humans."

Nane had come here looking for Guffin's door.

"So we have no reason to fight..."

"Sermon. Pain."

The moment the words fell, a purple sword shot out and struck Gartas in the solar plexus.

"Kraaaaaaaa!"

Gartas, his eyes bulging as if they would pop out, clutched his stomach and fell to his knees.

"It hurts! It huuuurts!"

"Yes. That is pain."

Even in his fading consciousness, Park Ki couldn't believe that Nane had subdued a division commander with a single strike.

'Is this Buddha...?'

As Nane took a step, Gartas was horrified.

"Why, why are you doing this to me? I did what you wanted! No, I did!"

"What I wanted?"

"Kraaaaaaaa!"

The sword stuck in his solar plexus vibrated, and pain enough to scatter his demonic essence filled his entire body.

"Stop! Please stop...!"

"Listen carefully, minion of hell."

As Nane touched the top of Gartas's head with his five fingertips, the head stiffened.

"If you lot didn't exist, no, if at minimum you were beings capable of repentance..."

Nane's face crumpled with sorrow.

"I wouldn't have a reason to close the world either."

"No! Just kill me instead...!"

"Perish."

As the sermon activated, Gartas's body scattered with a pop into the eternal world of nothingness.

Realizing Buddha's appearance, the demons scattered in all directions, and Shura, who had finished the battle, approached.

"There's still breath left."

Park Ki raised his head with difficulty.

"Buddha..."

Nane brought his face close as if to listen.

"When I die... what happens to me? Is there really nothing after death?"

"You wake up from sleep."

Nane's hand touched Park Ki's chest.

"It's just a dream. So don't be afraid. Once you open your eyes, you'll remember this moment and chuckle."

"...Is that so?"

Park Ki's lips, who had been trembling in pain, curved upward.

"I hope I wake up soon."

With the most comfortable expression in the world, he closed his eyes, and he probably wouldn't fall to hell.

Nane, who prayed for his soul with joined palms, lifted his eyelids and looked around.

The landscape of mountains and seas of corpses resembled what he had seen in hell in the other world.

"There are no more survivors."

Shura thought this would be comforting.

"Is that a good thing?"

But Nane asked back.

"Uh, of course war is terrible. Countless lives suffer, and precious people disappear."

Nane clutched his chest.

"Ah."

His mouth opened without knowing it, and a scream burst from deep in his chest.

"Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh!"

Middle Heaven Peak shook from the vibrations of the sermon, and Shura, unable to fathom the meaning, just trembled his shoulders.

"My heart aches."

Thinking of the suffering of beings who had fallen into the world of demons, his heart felt torn into thousands and tens of thousands of pieces.

"Even though it hurts this much, I..."

Nane looked back at Shura with a sad expression.

"Cannot shed tears."

The irony of Void.

Thus Nane was in doubt.