[638] Those Who Leave (1)

Although the administrator had announced the end of the broadcast, many people still lingered, unable to leave due to the lingering excitement from the graduation exam.

Baikal also remained in place, collecting the voices of foreign scouts.

As expected, the name that came up most frequently from their lips was Shirone, and Elizabeth was proud of that fact.

"It was worth coming to Alpheas Magic School. I don't know how the exams in other regions went, but they probably didn't receive as much attention as this place."

Now the scouts' job was to write reports.

Detailed evaluations of all 30 participants would be recorded, classified by grade, and then submitted to the association. The royal magic department would set contract conditions and enter into full-scale negotiations.

"We must secure Shirone. Foreign scouts have already begun taking action. They'll be preparing massive signing bonuses and options."

"We still have a chance. According to the Red Line Agreement, the magic department of the country that produced a student from their own school has priority negotiation rights."

This applied even to foreign exchange students.

"Convincing Shirone won't be easy. He's clearly demonstrated his abilities. If he exercises his right to refuse negotiations and it's announced on the Red Line, countries around the world will competitively raise their contract offers. There's no reason for him to accept."

"...He calculated this from the beginning when he took the graduation exam. Now the tables have turned."

Lara said.

"We need to not just renew the kingdom's best contract conditions, but raise them dramatically. Considering that even the Empire might make an offer, it's definitely not a losing proposition."

Elizabeth agreed.

"If it's a reasonable level, Shirone probably wouldn't want to leave Tormia either. After all, it's where he's lived his entire life."

It's never easy to leave a place filled with the history of one's life.

"That 'reasonable level' is the problem. Even dramatic offers are based on experience. The kingdom's current highest annual salary was set 10 years ago at 24 million gold. Even excluding additional benefits and options, there was a lot of talk among the nobles. After all, he was just a graduate without even official certification."

24 million gold was an amount that an uncertified mage doing average economic activities in Tormia's mercenary guild couldn't earn even working for 10,000 years.

Even considering the enormous value that magic creates, it was an incomprehensible income gap.

This was a specialty of the magic field created by the monopolistic nature of human-resource-based industries that cannot have substitute industries, issues directly related to national defense, and the competitive psychology of countries around the world unified through the Red Line network.

In reality, the common sentiment of each country was wanting to retain any mage known worldwide by pouring out billions of gold per year.

"But the party to that contract easily passed official certification and is now the commander of the kingdom's royal guard magic unit. If we're renewing the best contract, official certification won't be an issue."

"Then how much do we propose? 100 million? 1 billion? The Empire can pay that. Not because Shirone's magic is 100 or 1,000 times stronger. It's because it's magic that only Shirone can perform. If they throw money at it, the kingdom can't compete."

Veteran Baikal's prediction was probably accurate.

"First, we'll need to propose something more than money in negotiations. Since he's a commoner, granting noble title is one method. But I'm skeptical about whether the magic department will do that."

"Why? Shouldn't we obviously secure Shirone?"

"We think that way because we're mages and scouts. There are many things to consider - the nobles' backlash, Prince Pony's elimination, and so on. From now on, it's politics."

Baikal's wrinkles deepened.

"And politics always betrays individual common sense."

The participants who had been resting in the waiting room only left the colosseum after all the spectators had vacated their seats.

Spectators who hadn't yet left the school applauded from afar, and numerous parents looked around searching for their children.

"Mom!"

Shirone spotted Olina and Vincent standing with people from the Ogent family and ran toward them.

"Shirone!"

The first person to embrace him was naturally Olina, who buried her face in her now much taller son's chest and wept profusely.

"Was it hard? Are you hurt anywhere?"

Despite having overcome the massive mountain of graduation exam success, her modest nature of checking her child's health first made Shirone's eyes well up too.

"I'm fine, Mom. I'm sorry."

He hadn't wanted to show her his fierce fighting.

"You worked hard. You really worked hard, Shirone."

Vincent embraced both his son and wife simultaneously while Ryan and Reina watched with pleased expressions.

As other participants also reunited with their parents, Amy's mother Isis pointed to the colosseum.

"There's Amy coming."

Her face seemed lost in thought yet blank, making her emotions unreadable.

"Amy, over here."

Hearing Isis's voice, Amy snapped to attention and approached with her head down.

Final graduation ranking: 4th place.

Though she had secured a high rank, it was uncertain whether her pride, having never missed first place since childhood, could accept it.

"I'm worried. She repeated a year, so she must have had high expectations."

Amy's father Shakora sternly instructed.

"Don't show it. Pretending not to know is helping her."

Amy stopped in front of the two and trembled with her head down.

"Mom. Dad."

Not knowing what to say, she then burst into tears while making a V sign with her hands.

"I... I did it. I passed."

Shakora, overwhelmed with emotion, couldn't control himself and embraced his daughter.

"Yes! Well done, our daughter! You're the best!"

She was 4th place now, but that didn't mean she'd be 4th place forever.

How burdensome must the second exam have been, carrying the honor of the Karmis family on her back?

'This is just the beginning, Amy! Take pride in what you've accomplished!'

If she had done her best and was satisfied, a child's ranking didn't matter to parents.

"Our daughter passed!"

When Shakora forgot his dignity and shouted, Isis's face turned red.

"Honey, don't do that. Like a doting parent..."

"Ahaha!"

Amy wiped her tears while sniffling and laughed brightly.

Unlike the Karmis family overflowing with familial love, the Mercordaine family members were calm.

"I never even expected you to graduate from school. My mind must be getting rusty too."

At Albino's first words, Arganeth poked his side.

"Is that what you say to your son? Congratulations, Iruki."

Arganeth spoke respectfully to her son, and Iruki simply nodded.

Though she was certainly the birth mother who had nursed him, Mercordaine blood separated emotion and reason, which made Arganeth find it increasingly difficult to relate to her son as he grew.

"You certainly are getting rusty. Shall I open you up and polish you a bit?"

"Kuk kuk kuk kuk!"

At the characteristically inhuman Mercordaine joke, Albino's shoulders shook as he touched his nose and asked.

"So, what will you do now? If you really want to polish my mind, I won't stop you."

Iruki looked around the colosseum.

"I'm sufficiently satisfied. I'll go to the Dragon Thunder."

The corner of Albino's mouth rose meaningfully.

Machines are used and discarded, but humans are replicated.

Iruki would be adequate as his successor.

"Will you be alright? This field isn't easy either. I think becoming a mage is also a good life."

"I said I was satisfied."

Two questions were enough to confirm his resolve.

"Come to the capital after graduation. I'll prepare things."

Each family had different tendencies, but they were family in the end.

And somewhere else, a family worse than strangers was having an awkward reunion.

"Congratulations."

Ballroom extended his hand for a handshake, but Nade turned his head as if he didn't want to say anything.

Ballroom withdrew his embarrassed hand and pushed his wife's back, saying.

"You say something too."

Teria glared fiercely, but Nade was no longer scared like before.

Because he had gained the freedom to do anything.

"Will you become a mage?"

Though she had no interest in her son, Teria was well-versed in which mages made big money.

She naturally knew that second place in the graduation exam could result in a huge signing bonus.

"No. I won't be a mage. There's no association that would take someone like me anyway."

Teria's face crumpled severely.

"Exactly why did we send you to magic school...!"

"Enough. If you don't want to do it, don't."

At Ballroom's words, Teria's eyes widened.

"Honey! What are you saying!"

"You stop too. We didn't do well either. So, Nade. If not a mage, what will you do from now on?"

Though these were people he didn't want to exchange a single word with, his mouth opened because they were still family.

"I'm not quitting immediately, and since I'm at least qualified as uncertified, I'll work for a while. Then I want to save money and open an alchemy trading company. Under my name, not West."

Though his words were full of denial and distrust toward the family, Ballroom nodded and pulled out documents from his inner pocket.

"Take this. It's land I've kept aside to give you someday. Sell it and use it to help open your shop."

Nade looked up with a puzzled expression, but Teria was even more shocked.

"Honey! How could you do this without consulting me...! No, before that, where did this money come from?"

"It's not your money. Not mine either. Grandfather left it for you. So don't worry and take it."

"You're telling me this now! Do you know how we're living right now!"

Ballroom pulled Nade's hand over and pressed the documents into it.

"People have something called opportunity. This might be the last chance to act as parents."

Nade stared at the envelope with grandfather's signature, then emotionlessly handed it to Teria.

"Take it. I don't need it."

At the unexpected words, the color drained from Teria's face.

"I want to try doing things on my own from now on. So mother, you use it. The money spent on me... I'll pay it back someday."

Though Teria had no choice but to accept it to put out the urgent fire, her pride was completely shattered.

"Are you cutting ties? You'll never see us again?"

"It's not like that. I'll visit when things stabilize. Take care."

As Nade turned around, Teria spoke quietly.

"...I was going to leave."

Nade's steps stopped.

"I was going to leave too."

"I know."

For the first time since birth, Nade was able to smile in front of his mother.

"Don't worry. I'm not scared anymore."

He wouldn't resent anyone or hate the world.

If he swam desperately and reached land, perhaps then there would come a day when he could truly smile?

While Nade was seeing off his parents, Shirone was having a long-awaited reunion with Ryan.

"Thank you, Ryan. I heard about it."

Without Ryan's martial arts, he would still be wandering the hell of Apocalypse.

"Hahaha! It was naturally something I had to do! You'd be amazed if you knew how strong I've become!"

Just from the aura he gave off, it was clear this wasn't the Ryan he used to know.

"In that spirit..."

Ryan's eyes lit up as he spoke.

"Let's have a match with swords. To avenge my previous defeat... Ow!"

Reina couldn't stand it and smacked the back of his head.

"How is everything you think so childish? What's important about that right now?"

"It's an important matter to me! I have to beat Shirone!"

'Still the same.'

Though his body had grown, Ryan was still Ryan.

"Ryan, I can't beat you with a sword anymore."

Ryan coughed awkwardly, feeling embarrassed.

"Well, it's not like I wanted that kind of answer..."

"So."

Shirone smiled and said.

"Please take care of me from now on."

This was the answer he had truly wanted to hear.

"Of course, Shirone."

Cut down anyone who threatens Shirone.

This was the first law article engraved in the Kingdom of Faith.