[418] The Second Purgatory (5)

Sirone's group passed through the battlefield where bullets rained down and headed toward the command headquarters barracks where the battalion commander was stationed.

Even though it was called command headquarters, it was right in front of the battlefield, so they couldn't understand each other without shouting.

Only after entering the barracks did the noise somewhat subside.

A company commander who had already finished his report was standing at attention in the corner, and Kanya accompanied them from Sirone's side to facilitate conversation.

Even after Sirone's group entered, the battalion commander didn't take his eyes off the strategic map.

"I've heard the story."

He was a cold-looking man with swept-back white hair, and his thick mustache looked stubborn.

"Are you the Nephilim?"

Sirone didn't deny it.

Regardless of the truth, it seemed this would be more effective for utilizing the rebels.

The battalion commander moved on to the next question as if uninterested.

"I'll ask directly. Why did you come back?"

Sirone didn't understand the question.

"You're like a myth to the rebels. But myths are most beautiful when they remain myths. Some of the members think of you as an irresponsible deserter. What's your reason for coming back here after already leaving the battlefield?"

Sirone intuited that the battalion commander was one of those who thought of him as a deserter.

"There's no grand reason. Just as before, I'm simply fighting with all my conviction as one mage."

"Conviction..."

The battalion commander pulled back the window tent and surveyed the battlefield.

"The light you brought down on District 73 has become the sun for 70,000 rebels. I don't want to extinguish that light. If you came here just because of some conviction, I'd prefer to act as if we never met."

Sirone realized the battalion commander wouldn't budge.

What was contained in those cold eyes wasn't fighting spirit, but only a bitter sense of mission that they had chosen the wrong path from the beginning.

"Even a small conviction can have the same purpose. I want to speak directly with the commander. Please let me go to rebel headquarters."

"I refuse."

Unmistakable hostility appeared in the battalion commander's eyes.

"Fine, I'll speak honestly. The war is already lost. No, we've reached the brink of defeat. If heaven's offensive hadn't suddenly stopped, the war would already be over. The gap was that overwhelming. Countless members have lost their lives. Our remaining card is negotiation with heaven. If you're thinking of carelessly lighting fires and running away again, the light of District 73 will only be a hindrance."

"But the war is still continuing. And heaven isn't moving right now. This could be an opportunity. If we can accurately grasp the situation, we have enough chance of winning."

"Hey, light of District 73."

The battalion commander thrust his face forward.

"Don't evaluate the Mecha tribe with Nor thinking. The rebellion was started by the Nor tribe first. But now? Only we Mecha are dying. The reason heaven stopped fighting? Who could figure that out?"

"I can figure it out."

The battalion commander closed his mouth. His teeth ground audibly behind his closed lips.

"Listen well, kid. Do you think I don't know what you're trying to do? No, actually I don't know. But whatever you do, I already see through that you're planning to use us. People call you a myth, but to me you're just a seed of disaster. A powerless myth who at best broke one fairy captain. Do you even know how fiercely we fought while you ran away? You ran away at the most intense moment, and now what are you going to change and how?"

"I'm going to meet Ikael."

"Pff..."

Air leaked from the battalion commander's mouth.

"Puhahahaha! Puhahahaha!"

It was truly mind-boggling.

Archangel Ikael. Meeting the one positioned at the top of heaven's law?

If it were that easy, hundreds of thousands of citizens wouldn't have died.

"Now I know for certain. You're not some myth. You're a slaughterer who seduced countless citizens with your silver tongue and led them to death. Company commander! Arrest this bastard! Don't let the soldiers know about this at all."

Just as the company commander was reluctantly about to follow orders, the tent flap was pulled back and an aide rushed in.

"Battalion commander! Emergency situation. Giants have broken through the final defensive line and are attacking."

"What? Why on earth? Which idiot lured giants here? What's the reason?"

"We can't confirm. Ever since Kuroi Team 3 lost contact, the defensive lines keep getting cut off..."

The battalion commander slammed the tactical table.

"Damn it. Why the hell?"

Variables rarely occur in giant elimination operations. Because the reactions of giants without identity are always the same.

But now the final defensive line had been breached.

He didn't know where the law had gone wrong, but for him who had lived today no different from yesterday, there was only one thing he could think of.

The battalion commander grabbed Sirone by the collar.

"See? In the end, you're the root of all problems. Because of you, Kuroi was destroyed, and eventually a tactical gap was created. Now you're planning to annihilate our entire battalion!"

Kanya shouted with deadly resolve.

"Commander! That's speculation! Sirone is...!"

"Shut up! Does a pilot who couldn't even protect her own equipment have anything to say in this situation?"

The aide pressed urgently.

"Battalion commander! Please give orders! At this rate, we won't last 30 minutes before total annihilation!"

The battalion commander equipped the Piper hanging on the wall. After putting the Arc in his pocket and taking Signa and Exd, he glared at Sirone as he left the barracks.

"Leave here quickly. I'm sick of looking at you."

Kanya shouted.

"Battalion commander! These people could help with our fighting strength too!"

"Didn't you hear me? Sirone is the main culprit who changed the giants' law! What we need to do now is fight the enemy, not hide behind such deserters!"

When the battalion commander left, Kanya had no choice but to follow.

She too, as a soldier, couldn't just watch her comrades die.

"Sirone, I'm sorry."

She gave a sad smile as she left the barracks.

"But I was so happy to meet you."

He knew it was her way of saying goodbye.

But Sirone still hadn't let go of the thread of hope.

'A change in law. They said law could be changed through the manifestation of will. Maybe really...'

Kang Nan said.

"The situation is worse than expected. Can we really move the rebels this way?"

Sein said.

"There are still many cards to play. Targis too. The problem is headquarters. From what I heard about the military supply community, they seem to be concealing their location, so there's a high chance we can't get information from the mainland either. We have to do it now somehow."

Zulu said.

"I think the important part is where the giants' law changed. It doesn't make sense for giants, whose only law is going to Jotunheim, to act collectively. Anyone who can provide an answer to this?"

No one could.

In heaven where the Akashic Records exist in materialized form, law is an artificial system, but in the world where Sirone's group lives, it's simply the principle of the universe.

Just as a butterfly's wing flap can cause a storm, since trivial variables are all involved, it was unreasonable to trace where the law began to change.

Gaold proposed his own method.

"First, let's sweep away all the giants. If we save their lives, won't they let us meet the commander or whatever?"

Sirone raised his hand.

"Please leave that to me."

"No. It's too dangerous. You have a special mission. Don't think your life belongs entirely to you."

"No. It seems to be a matter of law after all."

Sein asked.

"Do you have any guesses?"

"Yes. But please think of it as an experiment rather than a guess. There's something I absolutely must verify in heaven."

"Everyone attack! Never retreat!"

Seven giants grabbed one Kuroi unit, slammed it to the ground, and began trampling it mercilessly.

The cockpit was destroyed, and the terrified pilot screamed. But eventually, even that was cut off after one second.

"Damn it! Aaaaah!"

The battalion commander who arrived late fired his Arc repeatedly. It was blind firing without any aiming.

Still, he hit the giant.

The fact that it was still unaffected made the battalion commander miserable.

"Damn it! Damn it!"

It wasn't an existence humans could handle from the beginning.

What about the art of Ilhwa? What did it matter that lifespans were predetermined?

Due to the sin of opposing God, humans lost the path to eternal life. And now they were facing species extinction.

"Aaaaah!"

When the battalion commander struck the giant's leg with Signa, the giant slowly felt pain and slowly turned its head.

The moment he saw those unfocused pupils, chills ran down his spine.

"Eliminate... the heretic."

His legs trembled and he couldn't suppress the groaning sounds leaking through his teeth.

"Huk. Huuuk."

As the giant approached, the battalion commander's face turned into a crying expression.

He had witnessed countless deaths, but his own death was something new, incomparable to anything else.

"Eliminate... the heretic."

"No, no. I'm not a heretic..."

As the giant's fist came down, the battalion commander screamed an inaudible scream and squeezed his eyes shut.

Grrrrr...

At the tremendous low-pitched throat-scratching sound, he slowly opened his eyes to see a beast he'd never seen before standing like a black barrier.

It had silky smooth black fur, a sleek body like a leopard, six legs, a flat face, and fangs over a meter long protruding. Cracks had formed in the ground where its claws dug in while receiving the giant's punch.

"What, what is this?"

"What do you mean what? It's a Tier 3 monster, Cougar."

Gaold's group had arrived at some point.

When Zulu stepped forward and flicked his fingers, the Cougar made a cute sound inappropriate for its size - "Gyarung?" - and looked back.

"Go play."

Kraaaang!

As the Cougar kicked off the ground and soared, the view opened wide as if a black curtain had been pulled back.

Every time the beast's claws swept, the giant's body was sliced and scattered.

It was the power of the Cougar, evaluated as the strongest in Tier 3 in terms of physical ability alone.

The battalion commander, who had been watching the battlefield as if entranced, slowly turned his head.

"Who... who are you people?"

Gaold said with a grin.

"Humans. Just like you."

"Rena! Rena!"

"Sister!"

Kanya embraced Rena, who was fighting caught between the giants, and threw her body.

As the giant's sole stomped down where the two had been with a thud, their bodies bounced as if they had fallen on a rubber mat.

Rena was terrified by the law she had never experienced before. Then, seeing that Kanya was unarmored, she felt around her body.

"Sister! Are you hurt anywhere? What about Kuroi?"

Before Kanya could speak, tears welled up.

Poor little sister. It was sad that she had to send her away like this without experiencing anything good in the world.

Rena seemed to sense something and smiled.

"Sister, I'm okay."

Kanya rubbed her cheek against Rena's.

Her smart little sister couldn't not know. The surroundings were already filled with comrades' corpses.

She had already decided what to say last.

Since she had waited for this sister as much as anyone, she wanted to tell her this before dying.

"Rena, Sirone is..."

"Sirone oppa?"

When Rena looked up at the sky, Kanya followed her gaze and her eyes shook with shock.

Sirone was flying in the sky with golden wings spread.

'Is this heaven's war?'

The battlefield scene viewed from the sky was horrific.

Giants slaughtering humans looked no different from humans slaughtering ants.

'But I can end this. If this works...'

Sirone cast Shining Impact. Brightness rivaling sunlight blinded everyone's eyes.

The effect was even greater due to the dim time of day.

"Graaaah!"

"Damn! What's that suddenly!"

After a moment, people regained their sight.

The fear of not being able to see ahead was considerable for the giants too, so they became even more frenzied and began screaming.

Then something flashed in the sky and rainbow-colored radiance spread across the night sky.

As rainbow-colored patches shimmered on the plains where the curtain of darkness approached, both giants and humans looked up regardless.

"That, that is..."

Sirone, who had completed a massive Ataraxia above his head, was looking down at everyone while flapping his wings of light.

The Mecha tribe was stunned.

Sirone's current appearance exactly resembled a certain being that the citizens truly feared.

"Uhhhhh. Uhhhhh."

Hundreds of giants shook the ground as they bent their knees, then opened their mouths like idiots and began to cry.

Giants were also beings of law.

Ikael's magic circle was exerting a powerful presence from instinct even in a state of lost identity.

"Coordinator... of law..."

As if kneeling wasn't enough, the giants pressed their foreheads to the ground and lowered their bodies as much as possible.

Finally, the humans' forms were revealed.

But they too only looked at each other briefly before raising their gazes to the sky again.

"It's the Nephilim..."

A word they had forgotten in their minds spontaneously spilled from the heretics' mouths.

"Sister, Sirone oppa came."

Rena, held in Kanya's arms, cried profusely.

Even if someone cursed him as a deserter, even if they said they regretted being deceived by him into defying God, for her who had never once doubted Sirone, this was truly a miracle.

"Yes, Rena. Sirone... really was a descendant of angels."

With golden wings more magnificent than angels, and the rainbow-colored halo symbolizing archangels floating above his head, Sirone had returned.

From the light of District 73, to become the light of heaven.

"Nephilim. Nephilim."

"Coordinator of law..."

Everyone was kneeling at Sirone's feet.