The Right Choice (1)

The Allied forces' generals were those who had reached the pinnacle of their respective fields, but that alone wasn't enough to achieve victory.

The reason demons were strong wasn't just their brute force, but also their different physical organs, constitution, and mental abilities compared to humans.

Reflecting physical force, manipulating elements, or destroying minds like Igor, the Lord of Terror.

The reason the former 1st Corps Commander, Great Swordsman Fidero, died was also due to an extreme disadvantage in compatibility.

In the end, anyone could die in the battle of the flower field.

"Advance! Advance!"

Contrary to their shouted orders, the Allied forces continued to be pushed back.

And finally.

"Gah!"

The back of a soldier fighting at the front collided with the shields of soldiers at the rear.

Since their lives were at stake, they turned around with angry eyes, but their hearts sank as if doused with cold water.

"When did we..."

It was the edge of the flower field.

Finally broadening their view, nothing was sprouting among the 300 living flowers.

'We were pushed back this far?'

The flower field with 300 giant structures planted in it was vast, stretching 23 kilometers in a straight line.

Rufist gritted his teeth.

'Damn it...'

Changing the demons' trajectory was completely different from turning the head of a running horse.

The Allied forces were always surrounded by demons and had to generate rotational force from within.

In terms of difficulty by power difference, it was like having to move water currents underwater to rotate an entire lake.

'Even so...'

The Allied forces had turned a full 14 degrees compared to when the army of hell first entered.

'According to the Holy War's predictions, with this much inertia applied, they should naturally change direction.'

This strategy was possible because demons' behavioral patterns differed from human armies.

'Humans use war as a means to achieve objectives, but...'

For demons, war itself was the objective.

They simply charged toward places where they could torment humans.

'Therefore, if inertia isn't working, it means human-like will is at play.'

This was also not unrelated to why no corps commander was included in the army of hell.

Rufist spread a map in his mind.

'If they continue straight like this... it's still not enough.'

No matter how large the army was, it would pass by Baschka.

'We have to try something here.'

Rufist shouted.

"Everyone!"

But the moment he saw the soldiers' faces, Rufist couldn't utter the word "charge."

Everyone's eyes held despair.

"The flower field has been conquered."

The power of the living flowers was undeniable, and the soldiers had relied on them psychologically.

"It's over. We can't win now."

Looking at the soldiers who had lost their will to fight, Rufist couldn't bring himself to push them.

It wasn't because his heart was weak.

'They really fought well. They couldn't have done any better.'

When understood logically, even the cold-hearted Rufist couldn't help it.

"Everyone retreat."

The soldiers were shocked by the unexpected order.

"Guild Master."

"Retreat. I'll handle this place. Return to Baschka and plan for the future. You'll be needed."

Silence flowed.

"We're sorry, Guild Master."

And as if they had made a promise, everyone's eyes blazed as they pointed their weapons forward.

With demons surrounding them from all sides, cackling, Rufist turned his head.

"What are you doing?"

"Well, we really do want to live, but..."

The centurion said with a mad laugh.

"We don't feel like running away even a little bit. Our hearts won't move."

Having fought together, long explanations weren't necessary.

"We can't do this, right?"

That one sentence was enough, and Rufist glared at the enemy with the most terrifying look in the world.

"...That's right."

The Allied forces concentrated their last remaining will in one place and took a charging stance.

"Everyone!"

Now he could say it.

"Charge!"

As if their souls were being pulled, the Allied forces moved forward, forgetting even how to run.

"Kahahaha! The final feast!"

Just as demons rushing from all sides drooled imagining the humans they would soon taste.

"Huh?"

Without anyone taking the lead, their gazes turned to the empty sky behind the Allied forces.

"What, what is it?"

The avatar of Thousand-Armed Guanyin, soaring endlessly into the sky, looked down at them benevolently.

"Prajnaparamita."

The clasped hands of the avatar seemed to split in two.

"Paradise Palm."

In an instant, creating countless afterimages enough to fill the entire sky, they spread out like a fan.

Two palms, circling around the ends of the world, collided where the demons were.

*CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH CRASH*

Countless afterimages rushed to one point, and all the impact exploded at once.

"Kraaaah!"

At the sight of the demon wall that couldn't be pierced even by spears being torn apart without limit, Rufist trembled.

'Cognitive dissonance.'

Every process was vivid in his mind, yet looking back, the fact that it was an instant was amazing.

A path opened from the rear of the Allied forces, and finally the formation split to both sides.

"What are you so surprised about? First time seeing a pretty woman?"

Rufist realized.

'Right, we still had that.'

Something difficult to even call human, humanity's strongest defender and the era's ultimate.

"Adrias Miro."

Enjoying the Allied forces' attention, Miro approached Rufist, shrugging her shoulders.

"Contact me if you're interested. I'm currently single."

While Rufist just watched, Dante approached and pointed accusingly.

"You're too late. The other executives of Zion are already performing operations elsewhere."

"This bastard!"

The moment she finished speaking, Miro put her fist to Dante's cheek and spun it.

"Ow!"

It didn't hurt, but the complete lack of manners that destroyed common sense left him mentally dazed.

"Where do you get off comparing me to those half-wits? Don't you know Adrias Miro? I'm a busy woman."

Dante's eyes flared.

"You gave that mission order. And they risked their lives on difficult missions."

"Difficult missions? No, you should call them impossible missions."

"...What do you mean by that?"

"Hehe. Kid, you act really smart, but listen well. This big sister will tell you."

Miro pressed Dante's head and smiled with her eyes.

"Whatever you're thinking, the world is much deeper and more complex than that. Everything I do has deep meaning behind it."

Rufist interjected.

"I'd like to hear about that. What's this deep meaning you know about?"

"That Satan isn't here."

Dante asked.

"Because Zion's elite diverted him?"

"No. He wouldn't have come anyway. The world's operation transcends human logic. Therefore, you can't calculate it with thought. You must know the essence."

Rufist asked.

"What's Satan's essence?"

"The most cowardly bastard in the universe. He had no intention of getting involved in this kind of large-scale war from the beginning. He always takes only the sweetness of victory from behind. Remember this for sure. Satan always gets what he wants. If you don't keep that in your head and act accordingly, you'll be swept away by this world's laws."

"So you sent our comrades to their deaths? They might all be dead."

Miro was nonchalant.

"Don't focus on individuals, look at the whole picture. It's not like I sent just anyone. To catch Satan, you have to delicately work on the laws first. Zion's elite went to do that."

Dante was convinced.

That without Miro's perspective observing the world from the highest place, Satan couldn't be trapped.

As Dante's eyes changed, Miro was satisfied.

"Of course, it's you all who change the world. If you hadn't fought this fiercely, could I have arrived? In that sense, death is also life. Everyone's lives come together to create this situation."

That was the law.

"...Then what should we do now?"

"What else."

Miro stepped forward and said.

"We have to open a new future."

*Kiiiiiiiii!*

From beyond the demon army, Kaydra flew carrying Julu, Kang Nan, and Arius.

Sirone chose the Golden Dragon Metira.

'Since he's taciturn, his explanations will be short too.'

His gray hair was parted left and right and came down in waves, and he wore a coat with blade-like sharp angles.

He was quite handsome, but his steel pupils made him feel more eerie.

"What?"

Sirone asked back after hearing the explanation.

"Iruki is dropping an elemental bomb? On Tormia's capital?"

"Yes. Currently human forces are performing an operation, and the success rate is fifty-fifty. However, if we participate, we could completely reverse the situation."

Sirone blinked.

'So... they're exchanging all of Baschka's population to annihilate the demon army.'

Ice Dragon Frigi said.

"It's a good strategy."

She was a woman with short silver hair and bangs cut horizontally, with a dreamy expression.

True to a dragon famous for never showing emotion in any situation, her evaluation was also direct.

"It's the best humans can do. If successful, there would be hope for humanity too."

Sirone nodded.

"Yeah, that's right."

The Iruki that Sirone knew was someone who could detonate an elemental bomb to exterminate demons.

"That's why it's not like Iruki."

And the Iruki that Sirone knew as his closest friend was someone who would absolutely prevent such situations from occurring.

'Even if it meant sacrificing his own life...'

He was the type to find answers somehow, and a friend who had sufficient ability to do so.

'...It must have been hard, Iruki.'

Poine asked.

"Where shall we take you? Baschka where the elemental bomb will explode, the Holy War where General Iruki is, or anywhere else in the world. Everyone needs the Messiah."

The Twelve Apostles would fight according to Sirone's will.

"There must have been a reason for it."

Sirone said with a sad expression.

"There must have been the biggest reason in the world, one that couldn't be solved just by his own death."

Sniffling sounds came from somewhere.

"That's right, Messiah. Please don't be too sad."

A girl with black hair braided in pigtails.

She wore a dress woven from grass and straw, and tears glistened in her large eyes.

Grass Dragon Aetra.

Looking at her chopstick-thin legs extending below the dress, she was unmistakably a girl, but...

'She's an apostle I really need.'

Her healing abilities dealing with information about life had made tremendous contributions to all dragon battles.

"Yeah, thank you."

Though she was the first among the apostles to receive praise, this time no one was displeased.

Blitz asked.

"Messiah. Then, where shall we take you?"

After carefully confirming the world situation he heard from Metira, Sirone slowly opened his mouth.

"We are..."

'It's turning.'

Even in the situation of being in the heart of enemy territory, Rufist could read the enormous inertia.

Weakly but very gradually, distortions were occurring in the demons' trajectory.

'4 degrees. Just 4 more degrees.'

The force acting from beneath the surface.

'Now 3 degrees.'

Miro's shockwave, Lian's shockwave, Amy's shockwave, and all others' shockwaves combined...

'2 degrees!'

*Rumble rumble rumble rumble!*

'1 degree!'

Finally, the giant lake called demons began to rotate as a whole.

"We did it!"

The moment Rufist shouted, the demons broke through the Allied forces' formation and advanced.

Direction: southwest.

'If they advance like this...'

They would directly hit Tormia's capital, and the elemental bomb would explode over Baschka.

'Disaster or miracle?'

No one dared make a judgment.