Free Electron (3)

While brushing her teeth in front of the mirror, Amy lifted her short hair.

It wasn't that she disliked it.

She had been a soldier and knew how useless appearances were in battle.

But when she left the battlefield and returned to daily life, wasn't she still a woman?

"Ugh."

As she finished washing her face and came out, she heard a knock.

"Amy, are you in your room?" Shirone's voice.

She had imagined this situation countless times, but now that it was actually happening, she felt nervous.

"Just a moment."

When she dried her face with a towel and opened the door, Shirone was standing there with an awkward smile.

"What's wrong at this hour?"

"Well, that's..."

Amy sighed.

"Come in."

After briefly checking the hallway, Amy closed the door and locked it.

Click.

As that sound seemed louder than thunder, Amy was the first to speak.

"You came because what happened this morning was bothering you, right?"

"Well, Amy..."

"It's okay. I was hurt, but I've come to a good conclusion now. I was being too sensitive."

He really did have a strong heart.

'That's why I like him though.'

Amy turned around with a smile.

"Thanks for telling me. I thought you were completely oblivious, but you were actually concerned?"

"Haha, of course."

Though the morning's misunderstanding was cleared up, Shirone, who had already made up his mind, didn't leave.

"So... should I just go now?"

"No, since you're already here, how about some tea?"

"Would you like to sit here for a moment?"

When Shirone patted the spot next to him on the bed, Amy finally realized.

"Suddenly why..."

As she trailed off and sat on the bed, Shirone slowly leaned in.

"Wait!"

Time really seemed to stop as Shirone froze.

"Why, why?"

Amy got up from the bed, turned off the lights, and returned to Shirone's side.

Until she returned, Shirone didn't move a finger, and then time started flowing again.

"Amy..."

In the darkness, rustling sounds could be heard, and their breathing grew rough.

"Great Star!"

Someone pounded on the door.

Both of them sat up simultaneously with a crash, and Shirone rolled off the bed.

"Who is it?"

After turning on the lights and looking back, Amy was fixing her clothes under the blanket.

"Great Star! Are you inside?"

It was Principal Nikolai's voice.

If he had really come looking for Shirone, it would be seriously rude, but there was no time to think about that.

"Just a moment."

When he opened the door, Nikolai stood there with a pale face, constantly breaking out in cold sweat.

"What's the matter?"

"I'm sorry. A visitor came looking for you... but you weren't in your room, so I came here."

"A visitor?"

A 4th-grade certified mage should have a mind that doesn't shake easily over trivial matters.

Knowing this fact, Amy kicked off the blanket and approached the door.

"Who on earth is it?"

There was an anger mixed in that couldn't usually be heard, and Shirone cast a vote for her too.

"Well, that's..."

Only after Nikolai wiped his forehead with a handkerchief and stepped back did Shirone have a sudden realization.

"Ah!"

It was an appointment that suddenly came to mind.

"Shirone."

As the door slowly opened and the visitor entered, Amy opened her mouth with a dazed expression.

It wasn't human, and therefore had a beautiful appearance that couldn't be seen in the human world.

"Mom."

Archangel Ikael entered with a smile.

"Mom? Mom, you said?"

The conclusion reached after quickly organizing her thoughts hit Amy like a blow to the back of her head.

"What? Mom?"

Ikael's eyebrows rose in surprise at the unexpected atmosphere.

"I came right away because I heard it was urgent. Did I perhaps interrupt something?"

It was because of the Wizard's matter.

Also, due to the nature of simultaneous events, two Shirines couldn't exist in the same space, so they had arranged a meeting place with Ikael beforehand and parted ways in a foreign country.

'I really didn't expect her to come at night...'

After sending the principal away, Shirone introduced the two awkward women to each other.

"This friend is Amy. Amy, uh, this person is my biological mother..."

When he actually tried to say it, it felt awkward.

"Ikael."

"Hello. I'm Amy."

Ikael looked at Amy, who was greeting her politely, with gentle eyes.

'So this is the child.'

When Shirone first came to heaven, she was one of the women he desperately tried to save.

"I've heard a lot about you from Shirone. You're very pretty. I'm Ikael."

The reason she couldn't say the word "biological mother" out loud was because she still felt guilty about Shirone.

Sensing the subtle nuance, Amy immediately got to the point.

"But what's going on?" Shirone explained.

"Well... Archangel Satiel has become the new Archangel and is leading heaven's army. Initially, the archangels were scattered, but it seems Rayel has sided with Satiel."

There had been many developments in heaven's army.

"Mom and I traveled around the world trying to persuade the regular angels. But there were no results. It seems every single one decided to follow Satiel."

"Every single one?"

Ikael explained.

"Angels are a bit different from humans. While unanimous decisions are extremely rare in human society, angels act based on absolute standards. The only time opinions split is when it's decided in the Archangel Council called Baekgyeong."

Ikael had been the final decision-maker.

"The reason the regular angels decided to follow Satiel means they agreed with the absolute standard - the special mission of restoring heaven's authority."

Shirone added.

"Baekgyeong was the highest authority coordination organization in heaven. The fact that two of them joined forces would have had a big impact. If Uriel sided with Mom, we might be able to shake heaven's army, but..."

Uriel intended to kill Ikael.

"Hmm."

Amy, who had been lost in thought with her chin in her hand, asked.

"What is Satiel plotting? If he's gathered heaven's army, something should have happened long ago. But I'm hearing about this for the first time today."

"We don't know exactly either. From a certain point, tracking became impossible. We're certain they're on the planet, but according to Mr. Lampa's investigation, their trail disappeared in the Jive Kingdom."

"Hmm, Jive. That's a strong nation."

"Right. It's probably not unrelated to the Holy War Council. The giants and elves are also making independent moves. Tormia has many cards to play, but depending on heaven's political situation, we can't be at ease."

"That's true. The Fermi side is also suspicious." Ikael said.

"I'm sorry I couldn't be of help. If I could have persuaded the angels..." Amy shook her head. "That's not true. The angels left because they sided with Shirone - and furthermore, with humanity. I don't represent anyone, but I'm grateful."

Seeing Ikael's expression brighten, Amy also felt better.

"But... what brings you here today?"

Shirone said.

"Ah, I asked her to come because of the Wizard. She's going to help open the time bomb."

"I see."

Shirone had also learned Ataraxia by resonating mentally with Ikael.

"But won't it be dangerous? You said so yourself - that you might lose yourself if you're not careful."

"That's why the person's will is important. He'll probably be fine. He's talented, and most importantly, he's young. Age is important when opening senses."

As she finished speaking, Ikael suddenly made a cold expression and turned her gaze.

It was momentary, so no one else noticed, but Ikael had detected abnormal electrical movement.

'What is it?'

Shirone would have felt it too if he concentrated, but Ikael's senses were different in that they were always active.

"Mom, what's wrong?"

Though much of the awkwardness had disappeared, Ikael in moments like this had tremendous presence.

Ikael relaxed her expression and said.

"It's late at night, so I'll head back now. You two spend a bit more time together. I was being tactless."

Ikael was almost the only angel who had experienced how humans love.

"No. I was about to sleep too. I just called him because I had something to discuss briefly. Right, Shirone?"

Amy gritted her teeth and glared at Shirone, sending him a signal to leave.

"Ah, right. That's what happened. Let's go, Mom. I'll ask if there's an empty room available."

"There's no need. Well then, I have something to do, so I'll go out and come back. See you tomorrow morning."

Since there was no task Shirone didn't know about, he just thought she was being considerate.

"Sleep well. Shirone, you sleep well too."

After seeing Shirone and Ikael to the door, Amy closed it and leaned against it.

"Phew."

It seemed like she wouldn't have idle thoughts for a while.

In the early morning when everyone was asleep.

Blue electricity tangled on the dormitory rooftop and transformed into a person crouched like a cat.

Whooooo.

The man who exhaled long was wearing tight black tights.

"...Troublesome."

Electricity flowed across the white mask covering his face, and a neon expression appeared.

A childish expression as if drawn by a kid.

The eyes expressed in lines were X-shaped, and the lips moved up and down like waves.

"But I was paid..."

Colonel Vedium.

The father of Colonel Raikan, whom Shirone had killed, and Black Line's top assassin.

When Vedium heard the news of his son's death, he output a crying expression (T_T).

That was all.

'Let me test the waters first.'

If Ikael hadn't visited the room, it would have been the perfect opportunity to kill Shirone.

'Amy.'

Since things had turned out this way, shaking Shirone's heart was the priority.

Zzzzzt!

Once again, his body dissolved into free electrons, and a big smile was output on his mask.

The place where he reappeared after disappearing into the ground was a fragrant room.

Amy was deep in sleep.

Vedium, who had detected her brain waves through free electrons, nodded slightly.

'Extremely stable.'

In his hand was an electric dagger shaped like an elongated S.

'No emotions.'

If he stabbed with this, the current would flow through her organs and stop her heart.

'That's just how life is.'

While reciting the magic spell to eliminate killing intent, he struck the dagger toward her solar plexus.

Crackle!

At the same time, his chest spread with electricity.

'What?'

Realizing the fist that had penetrated his body, he moved to a corner and looked up.

'Archangel.'

The silhouette of a beautiful woman over two meters tall was looking down at Amy.

'But why now? Could she have noticed my presence?'

Ikael slowly turned her head and asked.

"Who are you? Why are you targeting this child?" Vedium output an expression with both eyes cutely squinted and tongue sticking out to the side.

'This is troublesome.'

A single drop of sweat was blinking.