**Limits of Training (4)**

Shirone gained courage.

"Thank you."

Since he no longer had to worry about his parents' reactions, the standards for training skyrocketed.

"Still not enough. More."

Shirone staying at the 6,000 beats per second he had demonstrated must have been a psychological barrier.

"Don't try to control your mind. You yourself must become the mind. Don't try to analyze - throw yourself into the unknown."

"Hrrrrgh!"

Wizard's eyes changed again as her heartbeat rhythm began to surge rapidly.

The speaker announcing the buzzer exploded with a bang, and error messages appeared on the recording device.

The teachers gaped in bewilderment.

"It exceeded the Image Zone's capacity."

Only a very few people knew how far her abilities had risen at this point.

Bartok muttered.

"7,200 beats per second."

He hadn't counted the numbers.

Like counting leaves through synesthesia, he had savored Wizard's mental pulse as a whole.

Shirone's synesthesia was the most outstanding.

'Precisely 7,287 beats.'

As Wizard's eyes rolled upward, the teachers who had been checking the Image Zone came running.

"Lord Ohsung, shouldn't we stop for now? If we don't know the exact numbers, it could be dangerous..."

"She's in."

Shirone's eyes sparkled, and the faces of the Ten Circles of Magic all flushed with excitement.

"She's in? What does that mean?"

Amy said.

"It means she caught the flow. Surpassing limits isn't easy. If you can't pull yourself up to the maximum when you break through the wall, you'll suffer losses later."

Bartok honestly admitted.

"I don't know anymore either. What is Wizard's current ability level?"

Shirone savored it for a moment.

"9,273 beats per second."

The students and teachers were dumbfounded, but stopping here would also be unsatisfying.

'The goal is 12,000 beats - double what I demonstrated.'

In other words, the level of power where Shirone could destroy a small city when casting Photon Cannon.

'Without at least that much, she can't move to the next stage. There's a mountain of things to teach, but time is too short.'

"Hah, hah."

Then Wizard's body trembled violently as intense moaning sounds leaked from her mouth.

Amy frowned and said.

"Shirone, she's in shock."

"Fear is unavoidable. It must be an unknown world she's never experienced before."

The moaning turned into screaming.

"Aaahhh! Aaaahhh!"

Seeing his parents' faces turn white, Shirone approached the Image Zone.

"It's okay, Wizard."

The screaming stopped abruptly.

"I went through it too. Everything you've been certain of until now crumbles, and you can't know anything."

"Is this right? Isn't something going wrong? If I fail now, will there never be another chance?"

Wizard heard this in her trance.

"But that's proof you're still fighting. Don't try to find the answer and get comfortable. Embrace that uncertainty that's tormenting you right now, all of it, and move forward."

There's no compass.

"Fight."

This was all Shirone could say to her.

"Push through."

"Uaaaaaaah!"

Focus returned to Wizard's eyes, and her heartbeat rose at tremendous speed.

Shirone clenched his fists.

'Got it.'

Maintaining a full 12,000 beats per second without compromise, Wizard looked around.

"Uaaaah, what is this?"

She still seemed scared, but her face was flushed with an even more thrilling exhilaration.

Clap. Clap. Clap.

When Bartok applauded, the Ten Circles of Magic followed, then Amy, then the teachers and students.

"My goodness..."

Even Wizard's parents, who were outsiders to magic, could feel what kind of situation this was.

When Wizard stopped her heartbeat and came down from the Image Zone, everyone rushed to her.

"Amazing, Wizard! That was incredible skill!"

Though her face was pale from blood loss, the child's expression looked so happy.

"Hehe! If I hadn't listened to big brother at the end, I would have failed. I was so scared then..."

Amidst receiving congratulations from countless people, only Shirone's eyes were sad.

'She's proven it.'

That she's the only being capable of eliminating Havitz.

'Enjoy yourself to your heart's content. You can do whatever you want. The world will give you infinite freedom. Whatever you do, no one will be able to blame you.'

That's why it was even sadder.

'But there's something you must bear as the price. The one thing you can never put down...'

Hope.

'You must never speak the word "impossible" under any circumstances. Even if everyone gives up, even if everyone waits for the end in despair, you must always say this.'

That it can be done.

'That is your destiny. Your given future.'

Before the enormous hope carried by a seven-year-old child, Shirone couldn't smile.

'Still, now we can fight. A natural enemy capable of killing Satan has been created.'

Shirone steeled his heart and asked Bartok.

"Has there been contact from Lampa? How is the situation in Kashan developing?"

"No word yet. Havitz also disappeared after entering Aganos."

'What is he plotting?'

He could go to Kashan and check directly, but there was the formidable enemy Uorin.

'Until the Holy War Council convenes, we mustn't take any special actions. Her future vision changes the political situation.'

All conclusions would be at the holy war.

'There's no time. I must finish Wizard's training and succeed in purifying the demon world.'

The outcome of Shirone's simultaneous events would determine humanity's situation that day.

'23 days remaining.'

That was the time left until the Holy War Council.

"Rotten kids. How could you do this to me? How did I raise you!"

Lete, who had escaped from the Grand Duke's castle, couldn't calm her indignation and fumed.

"This is the last time. Never again... Huh?"

When she looked up at the explosion that erupted ahead, an entire district of the city was being blown away.

"What is that?"

Even to Lete's mind, it wasn't the intensity of impact commonly seen in hell.

"Huh?"

At a distance where they appeared as faint dots, two figures were engaged in fierce combat.

'Who is it? Demons?'

One was definitely a demon, but the other was a species that didn't exist in hell.

Kwaaaaaaaang!

When light shot from the demon's hand and slammed into the other's body, an earth-shattering explosion erupted.

It wasn't the kind of impact and sound that could occur when hitting an individual creature's body.

"What?"

Lete immediately took flight.

"Grrrgh!"

Son Yoo-jung's face contorted as he slid across the ground.

'What kind of bastard is this?'

They say that no matter how vigorous and youthful a body is, it can't beat a master of martial arts.

'He's completely neutralizing all my attacks.'

Fighting the demon before his eyes was exactly like that.

"Whup!"

When he put strength into his feet, his sliding soles dug into the ground, creating mounds of dirt.

"Who are you?"

Where Son Yoo-jung glared, a red-skinned demon was emanating golden heat waves.

"What does that matter?"

Shirone was angry.

What made her different from other strong enemies was that she had no interest in anything except combat.

'Thunder Naked.'

Whether the world perished or humanity was destroyed, only fighting spirit filled her mind.

'Really troublesome, Nane.'

The colder Shirone's expression became, the more vivid the swarm of light emanating from her body grew.

'That's the problem.'

Son Yoo-jung was extremely tense.

He couldn't understand the principle, but he could feel the same depth as Nane's sermons.

"You're not a demon, are you? Why are you interfering with me? You should just mind your own business."

"What?"

Shirone sneered.

"Don't be mistaken. You're the one interfering with my work. Whatever purpose you have..."

As she cupped both hands, brilliant swarms of light compressed with frightening pressure.

"It's more trivial than mine."

When Shirone spread both hands, light according to the law brightly adorned the front.

'This bastard...'

Glaring at Shirone who rushed before his eyes faster than that light, Son Yoo-jung gritted his teeth.

'Hwa-an-geum-jeong.'

She usually felt disgusted when seeing people acting high and mighty, but not now.

'What?'

What appeared to her eyes that penetrated truth was a terribly pure heart of love.

'Yahweh?'

Chills ran down her spine.

'This is really unlucky!'

Who would have known that where she fell after being beaten by Buddha, there would be another truth?

"Go."

When Shirone struck upward with her palm from below, a sphere of light struck her abdomen.

"Ah, shit...!"

There were no more questions.

But just because the truth was revealed didn't mean the impact on her body lessened.

"Uaaaaaaah!"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Shirone watched indifferently as Son Yoo-jung disappeared, piercing through buildings consecutively.

The most irritating thing was that it was still far from over.

"Phew."

That's why Nane had also filled the abyss and dropped Son Yoo-jung into hell.

"Just wait and see, Nane."

His smiling face flickered before her eyes.

Lian asked.

"Two methods?"

"Yes. You know the reason Gehenna's chains break. To fix this error immediately, there are two methods. One, fix it systematically. Two, fix you."

"Hmm."

Lian couldn't choose which was better.

"Each has pros and cons. First, if we fix the system, you'll no longer be bound by karma. Since you've already transcended the system, it would be better to set you as non-standard."

It meant he wouldn't have to endure the burning pain in his heart anymore.

"What does fixing me mean?"

"It's bypassing the karma set for you. In other words, making the system mistaken. The reason this is possible is precisely because of your weapon 'Idea'."

Lian drew his great sword.

"This?"

"That sword has code applied that makes it absolutely unbreakable. Since it requires master code, it's something that can't be created in hell. We can use it to bypass karma."

"I don't understand technical terms."

Magritte explained at Lian's level.

"We connect Gehenna's chains to 'Idea'. The pain of fire will continue, but this world will no longer demand your karma."

"Ah."

Magritte held up his index and middle fingers.

"The first takes a long time but is advantageous for you. The second finishes quickly but you must endure the pain. Actually, I don't like either option. If I had my way, I'd want to analyze everything about you and restore the system, but..."

It was questionable whether Lete would give them that much time.

"So you decide. The former or the latter?"

Lian didn't think about it.

"Let's do the second."

"...Are you really okay with that? It's incomparable to the pain you've received so far. When Gehenna's chains connect to 'Idea', the pain will circulate. Of course, your sword's capacity for demon purification will also become unlimited."

"I don't care about that."

Lian said as he sheathed his great sword behind his back.

"I'm worried about Shirone. That guy would try to listen even to demons."

"Are you different?"

To Magritte's eyes, Lian was also humane.

"Yes."

Lian said.

"I know demons have hearts too. But... nothing can take priority over Shirone."

Magritte, who had been glaring at Lian with sharp eyes, sighed and picked up his blade.

"Come this way."

The surgery began.