Depression (1)

Hell's army split in two at the city that could be called the heart of Kashan.

Commanding the 40 million troops heading toward the central continent where the Holy War was positioned were Natasha and Zetaro.

And the remaining 10 million charged toward Kashan's capital following Balkan's orders.

In Kashan's imperial palace of Aganos, facing a war that would determine the empire's fate, a grand party was being held.

In the grand hall where musicians played cheerful tunes, all the notable nobles of Kashan had gathered.

'A party at a time like this...' Their expressions were uniformly dark, and their hearts grew heavier with each piece of bad news that came through their secretaries.

"Is this what humans call a party?"

Kido swallowed his saliva as he looked at the long table laden with so many delicacies it was hard to know where to look.

"Where should I start?"

Since he would chew and swallow anything edible, he didn't really have a favorite food.

As he walked from one end of the table to the other, stuffing food into his mouth voraciously, the nobles frowned.

"What's that goblin?"

"I heard it's Her Majesty's pet."

"A pet? But it's carrying a weapon?"

Since weapons were strictly prohibited except for the royal guard, Kido's spear was quite irritating to see.

"Burp!"

When he let out a long belch, the noble ladies covered their noses and scattered in all directions.

"Even if I'm going to die, I should at least eat before I go."

Today's banquet was certainly unusual for Kido as well.

Though he had no interest in politics, according to the rumors he'd heard, there was analysis that Kashan would fall within the next seven days.

'Is this like a last supper?'

Since following Uorin into the imperial palace, he had seen with his own eyes how much the empire's empress possessed.

With all of that about to turn to bubbles, it would be natural for her to lose her mind.

"Her Majesty the Empress enters!"

At the royal guard's announcement, all the nobles stopped what they were doing and turned toward the door.

The door slowly opened, and Uorin entered with a bright expression, wearing a black dress.

Her face, adorned with diamonds and pearls, was so beautiful that the nobles were dazed.

"Whoa..."

Even the goblin Kido, whose aesthetic sense was inferior to humans, couldn't think of anything else at this moment.

'Beautiful.'

It was the first time he had been captivated by the form of a living being.

"Good evening, everyone."

Everyone focused on Uorin's words.

"You're probably curious. About why we're holding such a grand party when war is raging."

Kido examined Gando standing next to Uorin, but couldn't read his thoughts from his expression.

"To be blunt, the war situation is not good. And perhaps... we might even lose the war."

It felt like the food he'd eaten was sitting heavily in his stomach.

"But don't worry."

Uorin smiled beautifully with her eyes.

"Kashan will never fall. I will use every means to protect the empire, and we will continue our strong history forever."

Since it was the name of Theraze, who had never failed once since Kashan was founded, it was believable.

"Enjoy yourselves. Have fun. We are showing the world that we are not afraid."

The nobles shouted in unison.

"Long live Her Majesty the Empress! Long live Her Majesty the Empress!"

The musicians quickly resumed their performance, and Uorin approached, making eye contact with each noble one by one.

"How is it? Is the party fun?"

"...What exactly are you thinking?"

While boosting morale was important, in Kido's opinion, this war seemed impossible to win.

"Well, what do you think I'm thinking?"

Kido frowned as he thought of the only way to prevent Kashan's destruction.

"Don't tell me you..."

Uorin extended her hand.

"Shall we dance?"

Looking at the small, delicate hand, Kido turned his head and snorted.

"Hmph, a goblin dancing is just..."

"Come here."

As Uorin pulled Kido's wrist and forcibly brought him into the ballroom, the nobles looked surprised.

"Surely she's not planning to dance with her pet?"

Only Gando and Pungjang knew Kido's true identity.

They wondered if the empress had gone mad, but no matter who her partner was, nothing could diminish Uorin's beauty.

"I don't know how to do this."

At Kido's grumbling, Uorin laughed and led.

"It's easy. Just follow me and turn like this."

After focusing on the dance for a moment, Kido quietly raised his gaze to observe Uorin.

"Are you afraid of dying?"

Uorin smiled sadly.

"When Hell's army occupies Kashan, Havitz will look for me first."

Even Uorin, who was of Theraze's bloodline, couldn't imagine what kind of disaster he would bring.

"Even if the end of my long life is death, I can accept it. But I still have reasons to live."

"Sirone?"

Uorin didn't answer this time either.

"I don't mean to hand over Kashan for free. I'll have to negotiate. Even if it means the fall of Theraze, Kashan won't disappear."

"Just fight."

Kido found himself feeling sorry for her.

"I'll protect you. No one will be able to touch you, so don't be afraid and just fight."

Uorin shook her head.

"I can't win. It has to be Sirone. But Sirone won't fight for Kashan."

'It has to be Sirone.'

As he pondered Uorin's words, a corner of his heart ached.

Tormia Kingdom Magic Association.

Association President Lufist placed the urgently delivered document on his desk and rubbed his temples.

'The Holy War won't be able to stop them.'

The news was that Hell's army had suddenly detoured and was heading down toward the central continent.

'Tormia can't be breached.'

While he was thinking this, there was a knock from outside.

"President, I've brought the candidate for the next chief secretary position."

Since Jane's death, the chief secretary position had been vacant, but with war breaking out, he needed someone to assist him.

"Tell them to come in."

The door opened, and a woman with a sharp impression and blue hair grown to her waist entered.

She was Rabid Flu, a certified 6th-grade mage.

"Pleased to meet you. I'm Flu, the 3rd floor security captain."

He had already confirmed all information about Flu through her profile.

If she was a talent with excellent magical skills as well as judgment, there would be no problem making her chief secretary.

However, there was one thing that needed to be addressed.

"You've heard that Gaold is active, haven't you?"

"Yes, I have."

The point was that she had once been part of Gaold's personal guard who fought alongside Gaold against Heaven.

"Between the Association and Zion, what takes priority for you?"

Flu fell into thought for a moment.

Even such an attitude would work against her for rapid promotion, but she showed no hesitation.

"I still respect Mr. Gaold."

Lufist's expression didn't change.

"But as always, what's important to me is the well-being of the Tormia Kingdom. Personal feelings have no place in this."

'You're alike.'

Lufist thought of Jane, who had left this world first.

If possible, he would have liked to keep the chief secretary position vacant while he served as association president.

'There's no woman as capable as you.'

In a situation where the world was heading toward destruction, it was a name he missed even more.

"How about sleeping arrangements?"

At the sudden question, Flu blinked for a moment, then adjusted her glasses and said:

"Well, I haven't heard any complaints about it."

Lufist chuckled.

'Right, after all, we're all...'

Appendages of the kingdom.

"Follow me. There's somewhere to go."

Since it was already past sunset, Flu asked with a puzzled expression:

"Where are we going?"

Lufist said briefly:

"The flower garden."

Great Earth Temple.

"Are you alright?"

Due to the shockwave from Gaold that occurred in the south, Taeseong had been unable to regain consciousness for some time.

Taeseong, the incarnation of stars.

Receiving power that exceeded a planet's durability was the same as being directly hit by magic.

"I'm fine."

Taeseong raised his hand to calm the stars.

"Currently, the south is relying on a team of just three people led by Gaold. As you've seen, the power of Breaking is tremendous, but they alone cannot block all regions."

The screen in front changed to show Havitz's army again.

"Gaia's ability can observe most of what happens on the planet. This will certainly be helpful in war. But there's something we need to clarify first."

Taeseong finally brought up the main point.

"Do you all agree with erasing the existence of demons from this world?"

No one readily answered.

"Demons are beings created by human emotions."

Amanta of the Balance Department's Five Great Stars spoke.

"There's no particular reason to distinguish between humans and demons. To be a bit extreme, erasing demons would be the same as erasing humans."

Minerva said:

"But if we leave things as they are, demons will dominate the world. What we should prioritize is the war against demons. Using all of the Ivory Tower's capabilities to..."

"Keke, bullshit."

At the loud voice, Minerva turned her head.

A man in gleaming golden armor sat with his arms crossed.

It was Saint Zigmunt Freed of the System Inspection Department's Five Great Stars.

True to his nickname as the Greed King, the armor he wore was the world's unique Five Gods' armor set.

It was the cutting-edge equipment of the magical world, demonstrating an enormous 65 percent anti-magic effect.

"Bullshit?"

Killing intent rose in Minerva's eyes.

"That's right. No matter how evil Havitz is, does he even compare to Minerva in her prime?"

This was Minerva's sorest point.

"What does a young punk like you know about me to babble like that? Want to die?"

"I know one thing for sure. The reason you're sticking close to Yahweh and wagging your tail."

Freed pointed at Sirone and sneered.

"Because only that brat can save you. You want to be forgiven, don't you? So what did you give in return? Hm? You tell me, kid. Was she as hot as the rumors say?"

Just as Minerva was gripping Jet, Sirone quietly sighed.

"Haah."

Slowly raising his head, he said:

"Annoying."

Just those words alone contained a coldness that could freeze any star.

'So that's the Five Great Stars of the Integrated Universe Management Department.'

He had heard that Sirone had reached Yahweh's level, but it was a bit different from what he had imagined.

'What is this uneasy feeling?'

Like a time bomb about to explode, his lower abdomen churned.

But as befitting a fellow Five Great Star, Freed wasn't shaken.

"Keke, the symbol of universal love has a foul mouth. What are you going to do if you're annoyed? Are you going to start a fight here..."

Before he could finish speaking, Sirone jumped up and hurled a Photon Cannon.

"Hup!"

Freed kicked off the floor and retreated, but was instantly caught up by teleportation.

'Is he really going to do this?'

Freed was the only one among the Ivory Tower stars who wielded both sword and magic, but the speed was too fast to react to.

'Even so...!'

The effect of the Five Gods' armor set activated, and the Photon Cannon veered off at a considerable distance.

'So this is how it goes!'

Sirone, who had closed the distance simultaneously, cast another Photon Cannon.

When the sphere of light vibrated, penetrating the 65 percent anti-magic, Freed's eyes widened.

'How?'

At this distance, it was impossible to dodge.

The moment his thought ended, the Photon Cannon struck Freed squarely in the abdomen.

"Kugh!"

Just as pain that felt like his abdominal muscles were tearing surged up, the impact disappeared like a lie.

"Huh?"

When Freed looked around, all the stars were making the same motion.

'Time was bounced back.'

As if nothing had happened, Sirone was just glaring at Freed from his original position.