Fanaticism (2)

Gustav Havitz XVII, the King of Desires.

Sein's group, sharing the wavelengths dwelling in his heart, suffered serious mental damage.

Sein bit his lip until it bled.

'Damn, a miscalculation.'

In his eagerness to track Havitz's location, he failed to account for the nature of the wavelengths.

No, was that really the case?

Sein hadn't lived such an easy life that he would overlook variables when facing a problem.

'I calculated it. I just don't remember - I must have considered it in my stream of consciousness and moved on.'

The problem was that the psychic waves emitted by this absolute evil were horrifically beyond imagination.

'You can't prepare for the unknown.'

Havitz's desires felt like pure essence that couldn't be given form.

'You can't define the essence of fire through form. But just as everyone knows what fire is...'

All humans carry Havitz's heart deep within themselves.

'Loving something one moment, hating it the next.'

A being of chaos who could commit any atrocity precisely because they loved too much.

'That's the domain Havitz rules over.'

Sein opened his mouth.

"Eden, get a grip."

As his Iron Wheel Eye spun rapidly, Eden's mind, consumed by terror, gradually cleared.

"Ah..."

When Eden realized that something of Sein's had been sacrificed to achieve this effect, her expression changed.

"Yes, I'm sorry."

She had been shaken enough to make her name Yorara seem meaningless, but there was no time to worry about shame.

'We eliminate Havitz. It's simple.'

As everyone's resolve solidified, Kuan, Armin, and Mayray simultaneously launched themselves forward.

"Hmm."

Even as enemies approached, Havitz merely tilted his head side to side in a relaxed posture.

The sight was so nonchalant it was chilling, but Armin steeled his heart.

'He's alone. There isn't a single demon protecting Havitz. If we kill him before he can erase the incident...'

Before the thought could finish, a Spirit Zone deployed and slow magic was cast on Havitz.

As the speed of his pendulum-like head movements decreased, Mayray cast Sound Cannon.

'Got him!'

Everyone could still perceive Havitz.

With his body and mind constrained by slow magic and Sound Cannon, Kuan's strike would be no problem.

'I'd like to kill you cruelly, but...'

Using the Pierrot clown's movements to escape Havitz's perception, Kuan raised his sword.

'Consider yourself lucky.'

Just as he was about to close the 10-meter gap in an instant, Havitz's mouth slowly opened.

"Haa..."

Though time flowed slowly, the sound and expression clearly indicated he was about to yawn.

Sein's thoughts raced.

'How leisurely. But that bravado ends here. You have no choice but to die.'

Every element analyzed through his Iron Wheel Eye foretold Havitz's death.

But.

"...Haaawn."

Such a future didn't exist for Havitz.

The wasteland sky flashed and lightning scraped the earth, immediately followed by a thunderous roar.

KRRRRRRRRRR!

They only survived because sound travels slower, but the noise exploding right in front of them was beyond what could maintain composure.

"Urgh!"

Armin cast Flicker magic to get away, while Kuan and Mayray desperately threw themselves aside.

"What the hell suddenly...!"

As Armin, having lost his balance and staggered, turned around, black smoke was rising into the sky.

"Hmm, I'm tired since I couldn't sleep yesterday."

As the smoke cleared, Havitz was tilting his neck exactly as before on the charred ground.

"What's wrong? What did you do?"

While everyone stared blankly at Havitz, Sein slowly looked up at the sky.

'When did clouds gather?'

It wasn't magic.

Nature's countless elements had been foretelling lightning at this time and place for ages.

'Havitz just happened to be in that spot.'

'Even if you could read the weather, the exact point where lightning strikes isn't something humans can calculate. So you can't say he was waiting for this on purpose.'

Only desire.

Simply being tired from not sleeping well yesterday, and therefore just wanting to stay in that spot.

'Accidents triggered by chaos.'

This was it.

"Strange fellows. You called me here but haven't done anything yet. Weren't you trying to kill me?"

After another languid yawn, Havitz pulled down his pants right there and began urinating.

"Psss."

Even as he made childlike sounds while pissing, Sein's group could only watch.

Though he was defenseless, they knew this too was an act driven by his desires.

'Should I cast slow again?'

Armin was troubled.

'If I cast slow, there's a high chance lightning will strike again. No, it definitely will.'

Perhaps right above his head.

'Wait, then conversely, if I don't cast slow, lightning won't strike?'

Armin shook his head.

'The order is wrong. It has nothing to do with my will. Lightning that's going to strike will strike anyway.'

That was nature's providence.

'So to be precise, my thoughts changed because lightning struck earlier.'

If lightning hadn't struck, he wouldn't even be having these thoughts.

'Currently, I don't want to cast slow. If this thought changed due to the lightning, then perhaps I should do the opposite...'

Should I cast slow now?

'But having these thoughts is also my changed thinking due to my previous thoughts.'

In the end, he was just falling into an endless cycle.

'Damn it!'

Though Armin had a gentle nature, this time curses rose to his throat.

'How can such a human exist?'

A predetermined future.

'Sleep when you want to sleep, eat when you want to eat, kill when you want to kill, hit when you want to hit...'

Innocent of everything.

In the end, Havitz could freely do whatever he desired.

"Armin, don't overthink it."

As Sein spoke, he accelerated his Iron Wheel Eye's rotation frighteningly fast.

"I'll handle it."

The sky darkened, and the Sun-Moon Wheel formed by two merged light rings began rotating at light speed.

"Predetermined future. Now that I've experienced it, I've got the gist. Whether lightning strikes, strong winds blow, or earthquakes occur..."

Just block it.

"Psss. Psss."

As Havitz's stream of urine continued tediously, Kuan launched himself again.

'If Sein can block the predetermined future, I'll kill Havitz before he can perceive me.'

At that moment, purple aura rose from Havitz's body as he looked down at the ground.

Kuan, having drawn twelve external forces, circled endlessly around Havitz.

When the external forces disappeared, he landed and staggered a few steps with his momentum before stopping.

"What?"

The moment Kuan asked his question, everyone was blinking and looking around.

Lilia questioned herself.

"What are we doing here?"

To kill someone.

'I know that much. But who exactly?'

They weren't even aware that Havitz's incarnation technique Vanishing had activated.

"Ah, refreshing."

Shuddering his shoulders as he finished his business, Havitz pulled up his pants and gripped his long sword.

"Well then, shall we start killing?"

He chose Sein as his first target because his face looked the most annoying.

"You look like a corpse."

But his desire's conclusion was rationally and logically an excellent choice.

"First, one guy."

Just as Havitz's long sword cut through the air toward Sein's neck...

It stopped with a thunk, as if blocked by an invisible barrier.

"Huff! Huff!"

Eden, having run to Sein's side with both hands extended, was activating a defensive barrier.

"Hmm."

Casually withdrawing his sword, Havitz brought his face close to Eden's and stroked his mustache.

"Can you see me?"

Though his elongated face filled her entire field of vision, Eden could neither see nor hear him.

'Why am I using a barrier?'

She had simply reacted instinctively to the terrible waves of killing intent heard through God's frequency.

'Tremendous waves of the heart.'

Though her hands trembled as she was consumed by terror again, Mayray's ability was certain.

"I can't hold out long!"

Eden's face reddened.

She thought she was spouting completely nonsensical crazy talk.

It was like approaching a stranger in broad daylight and making animal sounds.

These were words that would never have been spoken if she wasn't still hearing the waves of the heart.

'That's right.'

Everyone felt like they'd heard the correct answer.

'We're missing something.'

Sein's brow furrowed.

'I'm activating Sun-Moon Wheel. That means there's an opponent to fight. I've just forgotten that fact for some reason.'

Hypnosis? Hallucination? Mental magic? Law?

'Or maybe I've gone crazy. No, absolutely not. The waves of killing intent are right here.'

If not for God's frequency, and if he wasn't one of the world's greatest Owners, he wouldn't have been able to recall it.

'We decided to kill.'

Who it is doesn't matter.

"Kill!"

As he uttered the concept most closely connected to the concept called Havitz, everyone moved.

'Let's not think.'

Like machines, as everyone charged toward where the waves of killing intent were...

"Huh?"

For the first time in his life, Havitz felt bewilderment.

'This shouldn't be possible?'

Though it was everyone's combined effort, the key was still Mayray with God's frequency.

'Here!'

Though killing intent changed to confusion, Kuan's ears clearly heard the location of the target to kill.

'Honestly, this still seems like madness.'

In childhood, he might have waved sticks around imagining monsters being defeated.

'But I'm an adult.'

Not 'pure' enough to manifest imagination into reality.

'But I'll cut anyway.'

This wasn't childish innocence, but the determination of a swordsman trained through a lifetime of wielding his blade.

Wind exploded terrifyingly as Kuan's sword perfectly cut through empty air.

'I did it.'

Everyone's movements stopped, and Kuan, landing belatedly, turned to look at where he'd cut with a frown.

'Was it an illusion after all?'

That's when Sein spotted twelve black traces remaining where Kuan had slashed.

"Armin! Stop—"

Having simulated this endlessly in his mind, his tongue moved as if memorized.

'Stop!'

As time froze, twelve figures in black robes came into view.

'It's Shiok!'

Though there were still gaping holes in the logic, information about Shiok quickly surfaced.

At that moment, Havitz released Vanishing.

"...Quite interesting."

As the liberation of finally remembering struck his mind like a spark, Sein clenched his fist.

"Graaah!"

How could he have forgotten Havitz?

"I don't know what it is, but..."

As the twelve Shiok parted left and right to clear a path, Havitz strode forward.

"Can you read my mind?"

Sein's group didn't answer.

'I could imagine hundreds of ways to track someone's location. There's no need to reveal it.'

"This should be really fun."

Havitz's eyes curved like seagulls.

"Did you think I wouldn't know?"

Knowing the location. Reading minds.

He could leap across the logical gap between these two sentences through insight because...

"It's my mind, after all."

All of Sein's group's actions were the result of chemical reactions with Havitz's mind.

"It's a feeling. Just knowing the location alone wouldn't have produced that kind of response."

A groan escaped Sein's lips.

'Right. Before being absolute evil, before being chaos, he's the Emperor of the Gustav Empire.'

Havitz wasn't stupid.

"So then..."

As Havitz examined each member of Sein's group without exception, madness gleamed in his eyes.

"Whose ability is it?"

At that moment, a terrifying thought crossed Sein's mind.

'This thing called predetermined future...'

Can humans really interfere with such a nature?

'Even if we could interfere, how would I know that? Time is just one whole entity.'

Sein's brain spun rapidly.

'In the end, Havitz leaving the battlefield was also part of time's flow. Why? Because the Elemental Bomb Project will succeed in the future? Or perhaps...'

His thoughts stopped.

In a state blank as white paper, only the initial question floated to the surface.

'Why did Havitz...'

Choose this place instead of the battlefield?