[512] The Remaining Question (2)

The distortion that began at his fingertips spread throughout his entire body.

The scales of law.

A shock so powerful that it could instantly tip the balance created after annihilating the archangels and eliminating countless angels was being inflicted upon Satan's body.

The 180 million palm strikes that Avalokiteśvara's incarnation had delivered to Satan each became a law of good, destroying Satan's laws.

"Uuuuuuuugh!"

Satan's body twisted like lightning.

It felt as if someone was wringing out his body like laundry, and regardless of his will, his face was etched with expressions of shock and terror.

"Grrrr..."

Trembling all over, Satan barely maintained his form as he looked down at Miro.

Avalokiteśvara's incarnation had disappeared, and Miro, who had been performing palm strikes in the selfless state of emptiness, regained consciousness and staggered.

Her face was pale and she was drenched in sweat as if she had run a great distance.

"Is it over?"

Sein examined Satan's condition with a tense expression.

Avalokiteśvara's Paradise Palm was the totality of laws that one human, the strongest Prajñā in history, could manifest.

If even this couldn't destroy him, it could be asserted that no human could stop Satan.

"Grrrrrrk!"

Satan staggered as if fleeing from something, toppling the structures of the Buddhas as he moved.

"Kueeeeee!"

Then, as if startled, he rolled his eyes upward and vomited black things.

From his massive throat, pitch-black smoke poured out like a waterfall, staining the earth with murky energy.

"Kugh!"

Though it wasn't matter, just touching his body made it feel like his bones were rotting.

"Kaak! Kaak!"

After pouring out everything inside him, Satan exhaled roughly and examined his condition.

"Kekeke."

He was still at the edge of the sky, and the earth looked infinitely distant.

"Kahahaha!"

He had endured it.

Even he, who was perfect chaos, had felt fear before Avalokiteśvara's incarnation, but in the end, even 180 million laws couldn't annihilate him.

"I am fear itself! I am evil itself!"

Kuaaaang!

As the massive fist came crashing down, Arius embraced Miro and cast flicker magic.

But Satan no longer paid attention to her, and without restraint, he destroyed heaven as he headed toward Arabot's spire.

Every time he stomped with his feet and struck with his fists, chunks of heaven's landscape turned to ruins.

"Wh-what is that?"

The rebels who had entered Arabot screamed as they looked up at Satan.

Kuuuuung!

As his foot came down, everyone trapped inside turned to bloody pulp.

"In the end... is this how it ends?"

Even the archangels who had witnessed Avalokiteśvara's shocking blow couldn't help but feel despair.

Ethella, you must believe.

Except for one person.

You must believe, Ethella.

Ethella charged at Satan, who was turning the world upside down.

"Huuuuu!"

The world seemed entirely stained with evil.

If everyone were evil, we would have already perished.

Even if we cannot help but be shaken by evil's power.

One good blocks a hundred evils.

The desire to be good.

The human heart that feels shame for evil and pride in good.

"Huuuuk!"

Ethella shed hot tears.

Just as evil cannot dominate the world, it would be difficult for this world to be filled only with good, but she believed.

That humans can choose.

That someday we can all shake off the fear of chaos and rise to the supreme realm.

Even if it takes thousands of years, tens of thousands of years, hundreds of millions of years, if we fight, and fight, and fight again.

As long as we guard good until the end, evil can never dominate humanity. So believe.

'I believe, Master!'

Ethella stopped in place and clenched both fists.

Crack!

Broken bones pierced through flesh and protruded, but overwhelming emotion ignored even the pain and awakened the will of good.

The enlightenment that awakens the world!

'The enlightenment that awakens the world!'

Comes with a roar.

The strongest roar of the Karcis Order.

The Demon-Destroying Cry.

"Ah...!"

The moment Ethella opened her mouth.

Kaaaaaaang!

A massive will of good rode the roar and struck Satan.

"Kraaaaa!"

Satan, who had been walking toward Arabot's spire, arched his body like a bow and screamed.

The laws of evil that had been condensed were already shattered into fragments after being struck hard by Miro's Paradise Palm.

As a new will of good surged in, his body began to split apart piece by piece in its fragmented state.

His skin turned red like lava, and parts of his body became distorted and burned away like ash.

"Ke, kekekeke!"

Realizing he couldn't endure it, Satan bared his evil fangs and looked down at Ethella.

"Impressive, human."

Hot air rose as if he were standing on firewood, and Satan's body began to be torn upward into the sky.

"This is not your victory. I do not perish. Someday I will return and stain this world with evil."

Kuooooo!

Satan roared, putting strength into his upper body as if burning himself.

A massive pillar of heat ascended, and his body, decomposed into powder, fluttered away.

"Satan has... been annihilated."

Satiel, who had been watching from the sky of the Buddhas, muttered.

Rayel, the Archangel of Light, also looked back at Arabot's spire with a serious expression.

The disappearance of the massive barrier that had been blocking Ra's will meant they had gained the opportunity to reset the Akashic Records.

"Let's go, Satiel. The world will be reset soon."

Once the reset is activated, the world starts over from a state of being turned off.

However, most beings who don't know that a reset has occurred simply repeat the same process following the flow of time.

Therefore, the events that occurred before the reset would be repeated identically in the post-reset world.

The archangels would be annihilated, Satan would fall to humans, and most angels would be defeated by Garas.

'Which events should we save?'

The two archangels flew back into the ruins of the Buddhas.

What they chose was to save as many angels as possible.

'Satan has been annihilated!'

Ankera, who had been on the topmost floor of Arabot's spire, suddenly opened his eyes.

The being beyond law, the only one the Akashic Records couldn't control, had just disappeared.

Therefore, if the world were reset from now on, a new future could be created while maintaining Satan's annihilation.

But what Ra chose was not a reset.

'I must listen.'

Large eyeballs that had burst through skin shook rapidly left and right.

As pupils moving at electrical speed created afterimages and drew something, a being with wings of light was summoned.

It was Sirone's incarnation, paying the price for Valhalla Action.

Looking at Sirone, who was kneeling with his head bowed, Ankera transmitted his voice by rubbing the nerve clusters attached to the wall.

"Do you remember the promise? You promised to bring me an answer, staking humanity's survival."

"......"

"You have the right and duty to answer the question Guffin left behind."

"......"

Sirone still gave no answer.

A thick flash of light struck down from the sky.

Kwaaaaang!

The one taking a mounted stance while burning the fragments of earth was Uriel, the Archangel of Destruction.

Compressing his power in his landing position, he shot toward Miro in the next moment.

"Uoooo!"

The Paradise Club rotated at a terrifying speed, burning the air.

It was no coincidence that he had only now revealed himself.

Satan's annihilation meant Ra's will would soon be activated.

The world would be reset, and Ra would somehow conquer humanity again.

'Before that...'

Miro at least had to be eliminated.

While Ethella had decided Satan's annihilation, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that Miro had performed 90% of the role needed to reach that result.

Since her existence could determine the final victory or defeat, Uriel judged that Miro needed to be erased before the reset.

"Woof woof! Grrrrr!"

Arius charged at Uriel, who was rushing forward while emitting the energy of the Martial God.

Though he appeared as a faithful servant who had made Miro his faith, there was no way the tomb raider could stop the Archangel of Destruction.

"Squawk!"

With one strike of the Paradise Club, Arius's body was slammed into the ground and bounced like rubber.

Uriel paid no attention and charged at Miro.

Though her strength must have dropped extremely after delivering a blow to Satan, she wasn't an opponent to be careless with.

Ragnarok.

Pressure.

Kuuuung!

Uriel, who had struck Miro while deploying his judicial halo, came to an abrupt stop.

'...As expected of Miro?'

Could there be another Scale wizard in the human world powerful enough to stop Ragnarok's pressure besides her?

Miro, pressing against Uriel's forehead with her hand-sealed fingers, smiled with difficulty.

"It's troublesome if you come at me like this. There's a line of men waiting right now, you know?"

"Uoooo!"

Uriel's body, drawing up destructive energy, emitted light as if it would explode at any moment.

The moment Miro, her smile disappearing, hastily created distance, Uriel, transformed into a flash of light, charged.

Iron Wheel Eye.

Sun-Moon Halo.

Sein controlled Uriel's power, but at best he could only prevent instant death.

"Huk!"

Red blood spurted from Miro's mouth as she was tackled in the abdomen, and she bounced and rolled across the floor.

"Phew, this is getting tough."

As she wiped her blood-red lips and raised her head, she saw Uriel bringing down the Paradise Club as if to smash her forehead.

Sein screamed and ran toward them.

"Uaaaaa!"

Uriel, suddenly feeling his strength drain away, looked down.

Sein was biting his ankle with his teeth.

"Huuu! Huuuuu!"

The total sum of elements controlled by the Sun-Moon Halo is always the same.

Therefore, Sein was controlling Uriel's power by reducing his Spirit Zone to the boundary of his physical body.

"Truly pathetic."

Uriel shook his leg, but Sein didn't fall off like a leech.

Bang!

Then, as if annoyed, he stomped down, and Sein's face struck the ground directly.

"Grrrr..."

His jaw, still biting the leg, trembled.

'Yes. You were right, Gaold. You were right.'

Dignity and pride didn't matter.

The reputation of being called the strongest wizard in the mental world at Black Line wasn't important either.

What was truly important was protecting with all one's heart.

"Huuu!"

He had to endure.

If he could just save Miro, he could do anything.

'Damn it! If you're going to do it, do it quickly!'

When exactly would the reset happen?

No, perhaps they were already living in the world after the reset?

Even if a reset had occurred, not knowing when that point was remained Sein's final homework.

"There's nothing more to expect from humans."

Uriel, spreading his wings and flying up several meters, fell with all his might, and Sein, his jaw shattered, rolled across the floor.

"Uaaaak!"

Realizing the Sun-Moon Halo's control had disappeared, Uriel walked toward Miro again.

And he aimed the Paradise Club at her forehead as she sat with her mouth closed, looking exhausted.

"With this, everything is over, Miro. Our victory."

"Stop it, Uriel."

Turning his head, Uriel saw Ikael approaching in a pitifully disheveled state.

Turning his gaze back to Miro as if avoiding her, he said.

"Even you cannot stop me now. I will eliminate Miro before the reset."

"No, it's already too late. Look at the sky."

Uriel raised his head to the sky.

Though still invisible to human eyes, at a distance easily perceptible to an archangel, tremendous energy was striking down toward Arabot.

'Is that so...'

Even with Satan gone, if divine punishment fell, Ankera couldn't avoid annihilation.

In the end, there was a time limit on the reset as well.

Time remaining until heaven's destruction.

23 seconds.