The Unchosen (4)

At the Creas Defense Force medical facility, Alfe As underwent precision surgery from Surgery to piece together bone fragments.

Besides Alfe As, countless wounded soldiers lay groaning in pain, bleeding profusely.

"Uuugh."

These were those who had managed to survive thanks to healing magic but suffered severe physical disabilities.

Lilia asked.

"Sirone, can't you do something for them?"

"Nothing is impossible with quantum phenomena, but healing someone is a delicate matter. Hexa's ability involves two people's perceptions clashing over one reality."

Sirone turned around.

"Usually I win. No one can defeat me when I perceive the world based on my 11 senses. But what about other people's bodies, or common thoughts acknowledged by everyone? For example, if I were suddenly told to make the sun disappear, it would probably be difficult."

Dante said.

"Because everyone thinks it's impossible."

"Right. You guys would probably make the sun disappear with greater force, but the mind is different from natural law. Miracle Stream could take your life. Death is a natural perception, after all. But I couldn't turn you into a woman. Because that's a conviction that transcends the 5 senses."

"Hmm, a technique of the mind." Sirone pulled out a ballpoint pen.

"The foundation of Hexa is a perfect state of mind. For example, if I perceive that this pen doesn't exist..."

The pen disappeared.

"It truly doesn't exist. It also means my perception overwhelmed yours. But if you could create the same mental state as me, you'd be able to do it too."

When Sirone handed over the pen, Dante took it and stared at it intently.

'The pen doesn't exist.'

He tried desperately to erase it somehow, but the pen remained imprinted as reality in his hand and in his eyes.

"...I understand. No matter what method I use, I can't create a perfect mental state. As long as I don't know what that state is, I can't block out doubt."

Sirone nodded.

"That's the limitation of perception. People especially have an incredible conviction about their own bodies. Regenerating a severed leg becomes something that can never be established from their perspective. No matter how desperately they wish for it."

"What if they truly believe?"

Eden asked.

"If someone believed in the power of the mind at the same level as common sense? Could you heal them then?"

"Then nothing would be impossible."

Sirone smiled.

"But if it were that easy, we wouldn't be struggling in battle. Healing the principal's knee is most convenient through lawful treatment. There's no need to solve a simple quadratic equation with algebra."

While Dante, Eden, and Lilia took turns with the pen testing quantum phenomena, Sirone surveyed the medical facility and headed for the door.

Dante followed.

"Where are you going?"

All the demons in Creas city had been wiped out and the refugees had joined the city.

"Anywhere. There are soldiers here and people to share suffering with, but there are places that don't have that."

"Can't you just use quantum transmission?"

"Simultaneous events are like strategic positioning. If two versions of me recognize each other, one disappears. If you have 5 senses, you couldn't recognize each other with just a wall between you, but I have 11 senses."

Dante closed his mouth.

"Quantum is originally a phenomenon created to build universal-scale systems. The spacetime within a planet is too cramped for use. If two versions of me pass by each other at a distance of dozens of kilometers, it's like ordinary humans barely brushing past each other." Sirone brought his two fists almost touching and slowly crossed them.

"Don't think about it complicated. I just can't recognize that another version of me exists in a specific space. But what happens if intense battle breaks out in some space? I would maximize my senses to fight."

Sirone spread his right hand and covered his left fist.

"In that case, whichever me recognizes first becomes real, and all the remaining mes become void. If I was performing an important mission, there would inevitably be setbacks."

"I see."

"I want to move as organically as possible within my manageable range. There are many villages outside Creas too, so I'm planning to go and return. I'm counting on you in the meantime."

"Don't worry about that. But..." Dante nodded readily, but his expression grew serious.

"When do you think it will come? The Emotional Disease, I mean."

This was why Sirone's group couldn't smile comfortably despite their small victory.

"Within 24 hours."

Sirone slowly turned around.

"We need to prepare, Dante. We'll all see a world different from before. Guard your heart. And..."

This was what he wanted to say.

"Save yourself."

The Kingdom of Pesia.

The remnants of the demon army flooded into the kingdom south of Tormia around 2 AM.

As one of the poorest nations in the southern continent, they lacked both supplies and manpower to hold back the demons.

By around 4 AM, the demons that had penetrated the capital spread out radially, massacring humans indiscriminately.

The port city of Berikent.

Thick blood seeped into Pesia's lifeline where 200,000 people lived.

"Aaaah! Someone save us!"

The demon army that seized Berikent was led by Brigade Commander Della from the 6th Corps.

Della, the Demon of Deception, appeared as a frail girl with black bobbed hair hanging to her shoulders.

But her true nature was the worst of the worst, playing with human emotions like toys.

"Please spare us. Please, please spare us."

About 100 people who had fled through alleys and entered the wharf knelt and begged.

Men, women, elderly and children.

Scanning for targets, she picked out a sturdy man who was glaring in her direction.

Having fought the sea all his life, unlike others, he clearly displayed hostility.

Della asked in the language of the other world.

"Don't you like me?"

The demon language felt like tearing dozens of sheets of paper simultaneously.

"What are you babbling about, you filthy demon!"

Though he snapped back strongly, the man also knew there was no chance of victory against the demons.

'I'll look for an opening and jump into the sea.'

Since the sun hadn't risen yet, if he dove underwater and hid in a ship, he might save his life.

"Looks like you're the leader. Let's have a fight. How about you let me go if I beat you?"

After thinking briefly, Della nodded.

"Fine."

It was human language, and the man was disgusted that her voice was unexpectedly beautiful.

'I'll pretend to fight then dodge to the side.'

The distance to the water was 20 meters.

A demon could catch up in one second, but if he could dodge one attack, the story would be different.

'I can dodge. I can dodge...'

Sparks flew in his brain like a revelation, and the man cut off his thoughts and launched his body.

Don't look back.

With breath still in him, he rolled on the ground after leaping based on instinct.

'Jump from here.'

He could see the black sea.

As the man entered the water with a splash, the captured people cried out.

"Ah..."

It contained both jealousy toward life and despair that they would die.

"Inhuman, but a human choice."

Della looked back at the people.

"Since one escaped, you'll have to pay for that sin. But first... anyone else want to challenge me?"

As soon as she finished speaking, those capable of running at full speed raised their hands one after another.

Della giggled.

"Good, I'll give you a chance. You there, start. Walk backwards toward the sea. I'll kill one person for each step you take."

The called man immediately stood up, but his face hardened when he heard the rest.

"Th-that's..."

"What's wrong? You were going to abandon everyone and run anyway, right? If you're going to do it, do it proudly. Begin."

Countless gazes pressured the man.

"Should I get someone else if you don't want to?"

Without time to make a decision, his foot automatically moved back and took one step.

"That's one."

Della swung her hand and sent an old man's head flying.

"Kyaa!"

A woman screamed, but she too was struck by Della's blow and had her torso pierced.

"Crybabies die too. Now, continue."

"Uuugh..."

When the man made a tearful face, Della even designated a person specifically to show him.

It was a small child.

"Now I'll kill this one. What are you doing, hurry up and run? Or do you want to come back? Would you rather wait for someone else to kill you?"

"Spare me, please spare me. Please..." The more the man pleaded, the more ecstatic Della's expression became.

"Walk. Or should I switch you with this kid? This kid will run whether you die or not."

The eyes of the people with bowed heads became bloodshot.

'A demon! A demon!'

And among those people was Etela, who had once been filled with righteous will.

The ember of good still remained, but it was only a faint emotion like dying charcoal.

'What can I change?' During her hiding, she had descended to the very bottom of human degradation.

'They'll all die anyway.'

The evil spirit is coming.

The worst human in history is coming, wandering the planet following only her scent.

Della shouted.

"Good! Then let's give this kid a chance!"

"Kugh!"

As the man with eyes squeezed shut stepped back, Della's hand rose up.

"Hohoho! I knew it!"

Just as she was about to split the child's head with a chop, screams came from the other side of the wharf.

"Kraaaah!"

It was a demon's scream.

"What?"

Della's eyes widened as she turned her head, and in her view she saw countless subordinates falling.

From the backlit shadow, hundreds of blood fountains were spurting up.

"Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff."

The sound of sniffing like a dog.

Then came the sound of metal clashing and something heavy being dragged across the ground.

"...Here."

The silhouette of a man dragging a bundle as large as a carriage with one hand appeared.

It was Shagal of the Rapid Sword.

As his fun was ruined by the uninvited guest, Della frowned and gave orders.

"What are you doing? Go kill him."

As the demons charged, Shagal's two arms disappeared with the sound of bee wings.

"Kraaaah!"

The unique structure of the rapid sword—dozens of blade shells—rushed forward and embedded in the demons' bodies.

Through the holes of the fully penetrated blades, the demons' murky blood burst like fountains.

"Ah..."

At the appearance of a master the likes of which couldn't be found in the Kingdom of Pesia, hope appeared in people's eyes.

"Pl-please save us!"

When one woman ran toward him, all the people gained courage and rushed to Shagal.

"Save us! Those evil demons..." "Kek!"

A rapid sword pierced the man's throat, and the slaughter began before he could even scream.

Della watched with a dumbfounded expression.

"...What is that thing?"

It wasn't human, not human at all.