[679] The Five Senses Emerge (3)

Lian did not deny Kido's words.

He had experienced to the point of exhaustion how human nature manifested in extreme situations.

Lian too could simply endure more than others - it wasn't that his nature was different from those who didn't act as they did.

"Come down. Let's settle this."

He simply cuts because they are enemies.

Erasing countless meanings through simple goal-setting was Lian's strength.

"Humans are truly arrogant."

Kido leaped down from his high perch and landed lightly, spinning his spear as a sharp whistle sound rang out.

'He's a nimble one.'

Lian, who had directly faced him, knew best just how fast Wig of the Gale was.

'I'd say he's even faster.'

Kido's form vanished, and as Lian twisted his waist and raised his greatsword upside down, clang - the blade clashed.

"Hup!"

But only the sound remained.

Having hidden his form again, Kido's agility sent chills down Lian's spine as he realized his misjudgment.

'He's not just faster.'

He's much faster.

Though he hadn't directly witnessed the battle, Wig clearly hadn't been able to mount a proper counterattack before being defeated.

Piriri. Piriri.

The whistle sound from the spear had the fatal flaw of exposing his position, but at this speed, it was actually distracting.

"Kiki, you're different indeed, Knight of Maha."

'He knows me?'

As Kido hung from his spear and rolled like a wheel across the ground, sparks flew wherever the blade struck.

The intervals between sparks gradually lengthened from 4 meters to 5 meters to 6 meters, then sparks erupted from all directions as if penetrating through Lian.

'I'll cut him here!'

As Kido rolled along the ground unnoticed and swung his spear, Lian instinctively kicked off the ground and leaped up.

"Hmph, living with your two feet planted on the ground..."

Kido, who had reached the landing spot first, lay his back against the ground and spun wildly as he swung his spear.

"Always just looking up at the sky."

Goblin Spear Technique
Blade Hell.

"Kraaaah!"

Though aerial maneuvering was impossible, Lian used his Divine Transcendence ability to overcome the inertia of his fall and landed at a distant spot.

"Kiki, you do know a thing or two."

Still spinning, Kido rolled along the ground and instantly approached Lian's feet, swinging his spear.

"Kruk!"

A burning pain shot through his Achilles tendon.

Before Lian could counterattack, Kido had already created distance and raised his right hand with a torn grin.

"How's that? Can you see what's at your feet now?"

He held a piece of flesh torn from Lian's ankle.

"You... you've realized something."

Even if he weren't a goblin, there was no way he could have reached such a technical level by chance.

Kido put the flesh in his mouth and chewed.

"..."

Though Lian felt no particular emotion, he didn't miss the deep feeling that momentarily dwelt in those snake-like pupils.

Goblin Incarnation Technique
Law of the Earth.

"All creatures live crawling upon the ground."

While humans looked up at the sky imagining the cosmos, there was a goblin who prostrated himself on the earth with an extremely humble heart.

"The earth embraces all things. It gives food, provides a place to lie, accepts waste. Just like a mother."

When such thoughts occurred to him one day, he gave up walking and began crawling along the ground.

He tasted soil, listened to the earth's vibrations, and observed all things within it.

When he discovered creatures that had already awakened, completely entrusting their lives to their mother's embrace, tears of overwhelming emotion flowed.

They were the first tears this goblin had ever shed in his life.

After a year's time, like a tadpole sprouting limbs, his four limbs slowly unfolded.

At first he crawled on his belly, but gradually as strength came to his fingers and toes, he began moving like an insect with his belly raised.

And finally, when his mind and body became perfectly synchronized with the earth, he came to understand at last.

Gravity.

The principle of moving while embraced by the earth.

The fact that a goblin, with weaker contemplative abilities than humans, had awakened incarnation showed just how deep this reflection was.

"You too are a living creature. As long as you're bound by the law of the earth (gravity), you cannot catch me. Will you still continue?"

"I suppose I must."

Lian shouldered his greatsword and tapped his regenerated ankle as he stepped forward.

"After hearing your story, I've thought of a way to win."

"Oh?"

As Kido spun his spear and accelerated, the whistle sound began growing endlessly louder.

"Look forward to it."

The moment he lifted both legs into the air, his body seemed to spin once before disappearing from sight.

'Certainly a speed difficult for human eyes to follow, but...'

Lian shouldered his greatsword and sharply twisted his body while lowering his center of gravity.

'I am a Yaksha!'

Axing
Denai.

"What?"

As the scenery around Lian began undulating bizarrely, Kido hastily hit the brakes.

The greatsword swept past at unimaginable speed, and Lian's muscles twisted with a thud.

"Hyaaaah!"

Lian didn't stop and charged toward Kido.

The scenery crumpled and surged like a carpet - this was Denai's characteristic, stemming from movements that destroyed cognitive ability.

"Uaaaah!"

But Kido too displayed the aggressive fighting spirit of a goblin as he charged forward.

Dozens of exchanges occurred in a brief moment, and the clanging of metal rang out noisily.

Goblin Spear Technique
One Hundred Eight Afflictions.

The left and right blades pressed in almost simultaneously, creating afterimages that spread in all directions.

But Lian's movements also matched that speed as he deflected the blades.

'What in the world...'

As the demon-slaying sized sword created afterimages, even the whistle sound was buried in the gale.

The difference in strength was dimensional, and under the bone-crushing impact, Kido curled up and rolled along the ground.

"Kiiiiii!"

Screaming, he aimed for Lian's ankle, but Lian was already floating in the air.

'Got you!'

Kido, with his limbs attached to the ground like an insect, slid toward the landing spot.

Even so, it was faster than bipedal movement, and at the precise timing he curled up and unleashed Blade Hell.

"What...!"

In Kido's rapidly spinning vision, he saw Lian still suspended in the air, holding his position.

'Magic?'

That couldn't be!

'Why won't he fall? Could it be?'

He had transcended gravity.

One who had escaped the embrace of the earth, mother of all creatures, and flew toward his ideals.

When his thoughts reached that point, a thrill ran up his spine.

'I'll cut!'

As Divine Transcendence will applied Denai to the law, the sky behind Lian split in two and surged forward.

"Kraaaah!"

Hastily stopping his rotation, Kido pushed his body away with all his might as the greatsword fell like lightning where he had been.

KWAAAANG!

With a tremendous roar the earth split, and Lian burst through the thick dust cloud.

"Wait! Stop!"

Kido shouted, but Lian's will, having already made his decision, showed not the slightest waver.

"Sirone!"

Shouting this, Kido looked at the greatsword and squeezed his eyes shut.

"...I need to meet..."

Realizing he was alive from the fact that his tongue still moved, he cautiously opened his eyes to find the blade stopped right before his nose.

'I'm glad to be alive, but he stopped this?'

From Lian's forearm, which had negated the massive inertia of force, came the sound of muscles twisting with cracks and pops.

"What about Sirone?"

It was the only keyword that could stop Lian, and relieved that his guess had been correct, Kido slumped to the ground.

"Whew, so this was Maha's ability. I thought he'd be easy since he has no schema, but he's a complete monster."

The tip of the greatsword pressed against Kido's stomach.

"I'll listen to just one more statement."

"Sirone needs me."

The words tumbled out without pause.

"And I need Sirone too."

"...What nonsense are you spouting?"

"Because Sirone is looking for La Enemy. Same as me. That's why I left Speed Killer and I'm here."

Come to think of it, Kido was alone.

"You expect me to believe that? You must also belong to Spectrum. Weren't you following La Enemy?"

"It's complicated."

Kido shook his head.

"I think he's not real. He only exists as incidents. Of course, he came to me too. Said he'd make me king of goblins, and beyond that, king of humans. But I refused."

"Why? That's what you all want, isn't it?"

"Because I knew he had killed my sister."

Lian frowned.

"I don't understand what you're saying. You just said La Enemy only exists as incidents, but now you're saying he killed your sister?"

"I eat."

Kido pointed at his throat with a long finger.

"After my sister died, I ate her corpse."

It wasn't unusual in goblin society.

"When you eat a creature, that creature's memories surface. Not all of them, just certain specific memories. I call this the 'taste of memory.'"

Lian slowly withdrew his greatsword.

"At first I thought all goblins were like that. So I lived without much thought. Eating people, eating various things. Then I learned. That I'm the only goblin who likes reading books and playing music by whistling."

Kido stood up, dusting himself off.

"When I ate my sister, the being most strongly remaining in her memories was La Enemy. I don't know the method, but she seemed to have died from shock in terrible despair. The reason for killing my sister was probably to draw out my anger. But as you can see..."

Kido spread his arms and shrugged.

"I'm not your average goblin."

"So? Are you planning revenge?"

"I wanted to if possible. But that too would probably be emotions from some creature I ate. Goblins don't seek revenge. Then I learned about you and Sirone."

Through Wig's flesh.

"And by eating your flesh, I learned about the relationship between Sirone and La Enemy. According to those memories, hearing, touch, and smell are currently gathered in Radum. And if I correspond to taste..."

It would probably be certain.

"La Enemy is designing something. Causing variables to collide to induce incidents of specific patterns. Then our gathering is also inevitable. I don't know about sight among the five senses, but I think it will appear when the time comes."

"Hmm, so variables collide and..."

'He didn't understand.'

Kido abandoned the explanation and stated his main point.

"Anyway, we have two choices. Live according to La Enemy's design, or reject it."

For Kido, who had awakened incarnation, regaining free will was as important as life itself.

"To choose the latter, we first need to know what La Enemy is designing. I can do it."

Kido pointed to his sharp teeth.

"If we materialize La Enemy through the five senses, I'll eat it. I'll steal La Enemy's blueprint through the taste of memory."

'This would be good for Sirone.'

Before deciding, Lian looked back at Wig's corpse with pitying eyes.

'Wig of the Gale.'

As a swordsman who had made a name around the same period, he had felt kinship, but in matters concerning Sirone's work, there was no room for personal feelings.

'I'm sorry.'

He wasn't childish enough to argue about who was wrong first in battle.

He simply had to engrave in his heart the guilt of not being able to avenge him as a fellow mercenary.

'See you in hell.'

A knight's sword is used only for his lord's purpose. Having made his decision, Lian looked at Kido and spoke.

"Follow me. I'll take you to Sirone."