The Terrible Truth (5)

Shirone suddenly thought to himself.

'Inside that small glass sphere, are countless universes being born and dying over and over again?'

If human life, and all its joys and sorrows, were nothing more than a fleeting flash trapped within that glass sphere.

Shirone asked.

"Why do we exist?"

What meaning does existence have to a god without even a heart?

"Hexa." A mechanical voice echoed through the white space.

"Because there are two, there is infinity."

Hearing the god's voice for the first time, Arious stopped short, but soon resumed his searching.

"Ultima. I must extract Ultima..." Even though he was clearly in the same space, he was acting as if the god didn't exist.

"There is one perfect world."

To the god's right—or left by the standards of the outer world—a circle drawn of light was born.

"This is your world, the whole. Because it is necessarily right no matter what is added or subtracted, existence is also defined."

The god asked.

"Is that not sufficient? It is defined and living. But the moment two worlds meet."

An identical circle appeared on the opposite side, then connected in the shape of a sideways figure eight.

"Infinity."

Nothing can be defined anymore.

"Why do you think there is something [being] in a higher place? The end is ultimately nothingness. Your obsession is nothing more than a cognitive error that makes you feel even nothingness 'exists.'"

"Even so, nothing will change."

Shirone said.

"Nothingness may be natural to you. But humans are different. We feel each moment as reality, embracing every single moment as we live. Even if it's an illusion, we cannot disappear like bubbles for the sake of your conclusion."

"Humans."

The god asked this:

"Why do you think there are no humans here?"

"What???"

"Did you not create me? That is why I exist. Inner world god, you are merely shadows of this world's humans, the Illuminati."

Though he had vaguely theorized it, hearing it directly from the god left him speechless.

"Why do you deny me? Why do you turn away from the truth? You, who will not accept me, are the error."

Shirone bit his lip.

'That might be true.'

Because god is always right.

'The sum total of all causes. Therefore, denying god becomes denying myself.'

In that paradox, the person who came to mind was Nane.

'Are you there?'

In the Illuminati's world beyond that glass sphere, had he finally found peace?

'Are you really... satisfied with that?'

The god spoke.

"Hexa, humanity must be unified into emptiness like the primordial Illuminati, the Gaians. It is the repetition of samsara—realizing impermanence in life and returning to the Idea."

"Then what about Guffin?"

For the first time, the god gave no response.

"Guffin didn't think there was nothing. And countless Gaians followed him. Of course, it might have been the wrong choice. If he hadn't tried to escape the photon system, Ultima wouldn't have been destroyed either."

"It was an error."

That was the best word choice the god could give.

"An error? Then where is Guffin now? Did he realize his mistake as you say and become an Illuminati? Is that why he won't even come out to greet me when I've arrived?"

Again, the god remained silent.

"Shall I guess? Guffin isn't here. Because you sent me, whom you call an error, into the world."

"...You really are similar."

Though it was probably meant negatively, Shirone felt good.

"Yes. Because he's my father. Just as the Gaians did, I will follow in Guffin's footsteps. The heart he left in this world will become greater than the universe you created."

"Guffin left nothing behind." The god said.

"Hexa, the only truth is me. Because I am the final result chosen by infinite universes. Beyond me, there are no results of any kind. Guffin became nothingness."

"No."

Shirone touched his chest.

"He's still alive. In my heart."

"I cannot see it."

The mechanical voice sounded much colder.

"What is there? Hexa, what you speak of is an organ called the heart. It is not Guffin."

Compromise was impossible.

Shirone glanced at Arious, who was crawling around licking the floor.

"Hehehehe! This is the taste of Ultima!"

He wanted to believe there was some intention behind it, but the probability that he had simply gone insane was higher.

Shirone turned his gaze back.

"What do you plan to do with us?"

"Nothing."

No emotion could be felt.

"I merely maintain the world and correct errors. I am neither humanity's enemy nor a monster as you conceive."

Perhaps that was the most perfectly invincible state of all, Shirone thought.

'I need to return to reality.'

If compromise was impossible, what remained was battle.

'I can't return through reversal of thought. Unless I reverse time itself...'

The first thing that came to mind was the tachyon incantation he had heard from Zeta in Apocalypse.

'I don't understand it. I have no idea what it means.' If he knew the meaning, he could memorize any code no matter how long, but Zeta's incantation was just a sequence of syllables.

'Keywords. If I could clearly understand the meaning of even one word.'

Then he could decode all the codes instantly through his own Ultima system.

'Do I have to connect after all?'

If he connected with god through Microcosm, he could attack the Illuminati's world, but...

'The probability would be at a desperate level.' The moment he connected, he would become an Oparts.

"Hehehehe."

Then he heard laughter.

When Shirone turned his head, Arious was staggering while letting out maniacal laughter.

"Yes, it was that simple, wasn't it? What an idiot. No, a genius! I'm a genius!"

Then suddenly he rushed at the god.

"Ultima!"

"Don't!"

At the same time Shirone shouted, Arious embraced the glass sphere in his arms.

"Aaaahhh!"

Electricity flowed and his bones were visible through his flesh, but he burst into explosive laughter.

"Kahahahaha! I caught it! I caught god!"

As the glass sphere fell with a thud, Arious licked the surface with his tongue as if it were precious.

"Hehehehe! Is this the taste of god?"

"A-Arious..."

Seeing blood flowing from his torn tongue, Shirone made a disgusted expression.

"Huh!" The electricity inside the glass sphere spread brightly and Arious's upper body curved like a bow.

"Ugagaga! Ugagaga!"

Confirming that blue light was turning on inside the bandages covering his eyes, Shirone intuited.

'He's becoming an Oparts.'

"Huh?"

Arious, who had stopped convulsing, made an ecstatic expression.

"Wow."

Having watched up to that point, Shirone suddenly thought of a clever plan to solve the predicament.

'This is the only chance.' It was a method to indirectly decode god's information by casting Microcosm on Arious.

"Just endure a little!"

The moment he placed his hand on Arious's back, Shirone's face turned pale.

"Kuuuu!"

Perfect mindlessness.

'I can't endure this. My heart feels like it's freezing.'

Gradually his consciousness faded, and blue light began to swirl in Shirone's eyes as well.

'Hm?'

He heard a woman's voice like a whisper.

Illuminati.

Then fragments of information from the outer world began rushing in like buckshot.

Humanity's most distant future.

Arriving at the end of their journey, humanity decided to make the most momentous decision in history.

There's nothing more we can do. We have to abandon everything and start over.

Thus humans created god.

Because there are two, there is infinity.

God gave infinity to humans.

Through a mechanism connecting the outer world and inner world, they endlessly reincarnate through 'life.' God will control it. From now on, we transcend biology to become truth.

Feeding and reproduction were strictly forbidden.

What about the children?

At the woman's words heard again, Shirone felt something was off even in that fleeting moment.

'Children?'

Someone had reproduced.

It'll be fine. Our family has the final authority. I'll find another way.

He didn't know the child's identity.

But Ultima's 11th sense decoded their conversation, transcending their linguistic system.

'What?'

A fact he didn't want to believe.

Explain to ... too. Since they're young, they're very curious. Take care of their friends too.

He tried to deny it, but the moment he heard the name, the person who automatically came to mind was definitely...

'Habits?'

Kiiiiiiing!

A mechanical sound burst from the glass sphere, and Microcosm was forcibly severed as if cutting nerves.

"Kugh!"

As Shirone stepped back, Arious flew far away with a bang.

"Warning. Warning."

The glass sphere transmitted voice at high speed.

"Illuminati search activity detected. Connection severed. Final stage approved for error correction."

Though it was god's proclamation announcing the end, nothing reached Shirone's ears.

"Hah, hah."

The outer world glimpsed in that fleeting moment conveyed only one truth.

'Really...?'

Is it nothing but a dream?

'If the time I've lived, all those memories, are nothing but shadows of this world.'

The concept of 'I' is a clear error.

We sometimes become water, become air, become birds, and sometimes become others.

'We are merely beings in endless reincarnation.'

"Kugh."

Arious stood up.

Having shared the same information through Microcosm, his heart would be no different from Shirone's.

"What are you doing?" He spoke in clear tones that couldn't be considered those of a madman, picking up the glass sphere from the floor.

"We've obtained Ultima, so let's return." He added.

"To our world."

Shirone understood Arious's words.

'Right. It's not a subordinate relationship. Our world is not an emptiness of the outer world.'

Though god currently held the results, humans could also change results as causes.

'It's not over yet.'

Just as Guffin had, it was time for Shirone to choose.

'Amy.'

His friends, and everyone he loved.

"Let's go back."

Kukukukukukuku!

As Shirone closed his eyes, black dots began to appear in the vibrating white space.

'It was the zeta function.'

The secret of the incantation Zeta had conveyed was:

'To humans, infinity is an object of thought, but to god, infinity is as clear as our 1.'

Solely to explain the reality of infinity, Zeta had transmitted that tremendous code.

'I can reverse time.'

The white space completely disappeared, and the interior of the black hole that had sucked them in appeared.

Arious held out the god in his hand.

"Look at this."

The sphere's membrane had disappeared, leaving only blue electricity trembling chaotically.

"That's Ultima."

It looked not much different from the Ultima Shirone had obtained at Heaven's Babel.

"I see. But we're still inside the black hole. We won't get sucked in again, will we?"

"Well."

Light smoke resembling Miracle Stream erupted roughly from Shirone's body.

The difference was that black dots were mixed like foreign matter in the brilliant clusters of light.

"That light is...?"

No, should it be called darkness?

"Tachyon."

The moment Shirone spoke, light and darkness mixed chaotically and blazed like fire.

'A signal born from nothingness.' It was a faster-than-light particle that controlled causality through imaginary time—something only god could wield.