The Scale of Desperation (3)

Icael gazed for a long time at the Hexa spinning before her eyes.

"What are you trying to do?"

"Just what you see. I'm going to implant Hexa into your mind. Of course, you'll have to accept it."

An angel's mind was a sacred light body.

"And after I accept it?"

"You'll come to know me. Of course, I'll also come to know you through Hexa."

Icael twisted her lips to one side.

The thought of a human penetrating the noble mind of an angel was unpleasant no matter how she looked at it.

'But.'

If that human's mind was Hexa...

"If I accept Hexa, will I be able to reach the same level as you?"

Gerfin shook his head.

"Understanding is a process of extracting and reconstructing based on known information. Hexa exists outside the law."

"That's exactly my point. If I can't handle Hexa anyway, there's no need to do this, is there?"

"Some realizations..."

Gerfin chose his words carefully.

"Can only be understood after reaching the result. If you can't obtain it yourself, believing blindly is also one method. You have nothing to lose, right? It may seem like madness now, but when all is said and done, you'll know I was right."

Since Icael had also reached a high level of mental development, she understood Gerfin's words.

'But trusting is another matter.'

No, to be honest, during their eons of battle, there had been no room to doubt Gerfin's character.

'It's just... I feel strange.'

Was this fear, or excitement?

"I'll say it again, you have nothing to lose, right? I'm already in a groggy state. If you don't like it, you can kill me then."

"Fine."

Icael nodded.

"But if you try any tricks, don't expect mercy anymore."

"Leave it to me."

As Gerfin smiled and extended his hand, Icael, who had been hesitating, slowly lowered her head.

"Ah......"

The moment Hexa penetrated the sacred light body.

"Hah!"

Icael's eyes widened.

The sensation of Hexa information melting into the furnace of her mind and integrating as one was...

'Impossible!'

It was a shocking ecstasy incomparable to any pleasure in Icael's life.

'Becoming one.'

It felt like conquering everything about Gerfin, and also like being conquered by Gerfin completely.

'No. We shouldn't be doing this.'

She felt no resistance to the enemy's philosophy, and even if he was wrong, she wanted to accept everything.

"Ahhh..."

Gerfin's entire life came rushing in.

'How much pain must he have endured.'

What he was angry about, what made him sad - even things that couldn't be conveyed through language.

'He's planning to devour me.'

Icael, grasping onto a thread of reason, desperately tried to push Gerfin away.

'I don't want this. I don't want it to be like this. If this continues, I won't be able to hate you.'

She would come to understand Gerfin.

"Stop..."

As Icael struggled to pull away, Gerfin embraced her waist and said:

"It's okay."

Slowly raising his upper body, he brought his face close to Icael's lips.

"Trust me."

As if that was truly everything, Icael remained motionless in a dazed state.

Gerfin's lips touched hers and parted, and something hot entered.

"...!"

Icael's shoulders trembled as if struck by lightning.

'What is this! What is this! What is this! What is this! What is this!'

The biological behavior she had never experienced with an angel's body threw her into panic.

'Wet, and disgusting.'

So unpleasant, yet part of her wanted to continue this bizarre act...

'Bad man.'

Just a little.

How much time had passed? She couldn't tell, but the thought arose that some implicit boundary had already been crossed.

By the time Gerfin's hand moved up to Icael's chest, the integration was already complete.

"Get away!"

Startled, Icael pushed with both hands, sending Gerfin's upper body crashing to the ground.

"Ow!"

Gerfin, making a pained expression, winked at the fuming Icael.

"I thought you wanted it too."

"What kind of behavior is this!"

When all the processes ended and her mind returned, she finally realized what she had done.

"To do such a disgusting thing. How dare you defile an archangel? I'll kill you right now."

Icael raised her hand.

"It is disgusting."

Gerfin said.

"Flesh rubbing against flesh, saliva mixing with saliva, organs losing even their original meaning...

Being biological.

"But that's our life. Without doing that, nothing can continue."

"Why should I care about your circumstances? Angels are inherently noble, pure, and absolute beings."

"How was it?"

Gerfin asked.

"Did you really hate it?"

The truth was.

'I'm not sure.'

It certainly remained in her mind, but the memory felt like it wasn't herself.

"That's because you dominated my mind..."

"If you didn't entirely hate it."

Gerfin interrupted.

"That's proof you have a heart too."

Icael's sacred light body wavered.

"...A heart?"

"Yes. Any disgusting act feels beautiful, and any flaw is perceived as perfection. Hexa is the heart. That's why it's omnipotent, and that's why..."

Gerfin said with conviction.

"The world doesn't need to be perfect. An indifferent god isn't a god at all."

It's okay not to be cold.

Watching Icael lost in thought with her head down, Gerfin said:

"Now you understand what I mean. You, born from photon signals, also have a heart. That means we're not different. We can go further."

Icael shook her head.

"I'm confused."

The possibility that all concepts could be integrated through the heart was undeniable.

But precisely because it was the heart...

"I don't know what you want me to do."

Nothing was clear.

'How do I think about this human? Do I hate him? Or...'

This feeling, like drifting in the middle of a vast ocean, had never existed in Icael's life.

Gerfin understood her feelings.

"That's enough."

He knew what it meant for an angel, especially the first great angel, to lose her standards.

"I'm not telling you to do something right now. You couldn't anyway. If you're confused right now, that's your heart. Just accept it."

Icael, who had just begun to take her first steps, couldn't understand everything yet.

But this much was certain.

'Were humans...'

Always this free?

'Gaians.'

And the only race that integrated all that freedom within the largest framework.

"I will fight."

Icael slowly stood up.

"If I must simply accept as you say, my heart is still in the world of law. This should be right, shouldn't it?"

"Of course."

Though it seemed nothing had changed on the surface, everything had actually changed.

"Hmph."

Because anguish is born when one realizes they can choose.

As she flew into the sky, Icael glanced down at Gerfin just before leaving and said:

"Take care of your body."

As she flapped her wings of light and crossed the horizon, Gerfin finally relaxed.

"Phew."

Bringing his right hand before his eyes, he wiggled his fingertips as if savoring the recent sensation.

"This is really driving me crazy."

Then he covered his eyes with that same hand, coolly controlling the rising heat.

'Lucifer...'

His heart was equally troubled.

Omega conveyed all events contained in the beginning and end as a single signal to Cirone.

What humanity was experiencing now was merely the tip of the iceberg, less than 1 percent of Omega.

'There was a great myth.'

Gerfin, who had mentally integrated with Icael, analyzed the angel's infinite algorithm.

Unable to abandon the Ultima System, the Gaians and Gerfin implanted halos into machines.

Thus was created Ankera, the strategic killing weapon Babel designed to kill God.

In Omega year 738, humanity built a factory for mass-producing Babel and called it the Tower of Babel.

"Arrogant humans."

In Omega year 777, Ankera ordered all angels to mobilize and destroy Babel.

The fundamental concepts that formed the world and countless Maras derived from those concepts attacked the Tower of Babel.

Watching the rapidly flying black angels, Satiel bit her lips tightly.

'It resembles Icael. No, that is Icael.'

The fact that Gerfin and Icael had made some kind of deal long ago was already known.

Then it made sense that Babel's form resembled Icael, but she also wondered if that was really the case.

'If there was something between the Archangel and Gerfin...'

Icael's voice was heard.

"What's wrong, Satiel? Your sacred light body is wavering."

When she turned her head, Icael had approached and was observing the battlefield with indifferent eyes.

"Why...?"

Satiel finally couldn't hold back and asked.

"Is Babel's form exactly the same as yours, Archangel? Is it the enemy's trickery, or...?"

"What are you trying to say?"

Icael asked coldly.

"Are you suspecting me, who erased countless Gaians from this world?"

"N-no, I'm not."

Babel was something that threatened God, but Icael had also realized the essence of Hexa and neutralized the 'Hand of God.'

'Right, it's just a simple deal.'

The Gaians' Ultima System had been weakened to its worst state ever.

It was undoubtedly Icael's achievement.

"Fight!"

Following Gerfin's voice, the light of Miracle Stream rapidly spread across the battlefield.

"If we can block this, we win!"

As each concept the angels possessed was destroyed by Miracle Stream, the number of Babel deployments increased noticeably.

The Tower of Babel reached a height comparable to Arabot.

Among the Maras, some had even larger builds, but Babel's function was equivalent to angels.

"We might be pushed back?"

Whether she heard Uriel's words or not, Icael's previously indifferent face was consumed by anger.

"I'm going."

Opening Ataraxia and heading to the ground, hundreds of Babel flew toward her.

"Pathetic tricks!"

Every time she struck with her hands and kicked with her feet, Babel debris crashed down with the sound of breaking metal.

Though she didn't show it, her feelings were complicated.

'There's a limit to mockery.'

After destroying all the replicas that looked exactly like her and landing on the ground, she shouted:

"Gerfin!"

Gerfin, who had been fighting fiercely, turned his head as if responding to Icael's voice.

As fire lit in Gerfin's eyes, his body disappeared as if evaporating.

Whoooosh!

The shockwave from their colliding bodies pushed the air outward in the shape of a massive sphere.

In what could be called a vacuum, all that was visible were intermittent bursts of white lightning.

Meanwhile, to the two engaged in ultra-high-speed combat, it merely seemed as if the outside world's time had stopped.

As their fists crossed and struck each other's faces, Icael and Gerfin were pushed back the same distance.

"Graaah!"

Following his trajectory, Gerfin's eye-light stretched out long.

'Answer me, Gerfin.'

Watching this, Icael straightened her tall body of over 2 meters and clenched both fists.

'Is it mockery? Or...'

How was she defined in Gerfin's mind?

"Icael!"

At Gerfin's charging figure with a battle cry, Icael also gritted her teeth and leaped forward.

"Answer me!"

With their collision, the rapidly expanding air rolled dozens of tons of rocks like fallen leaves.