[527] The Helper (3)

A transaction of irregular depreciation.

Fermi extracts magic from those who sell magic and provides it in chip form to those who purchase magic, taking a commission for this service.

Additionally, the price of magic is subject to depreciation costs that steadily decrease its value over time.

Basically, since buyers pay sellers money and Fermi only takes a fixed commission, no capital is needed to operate this ability.

However, when Fermi himself becomes a buyer and makes transactions with sellers, restrictions apply - namely, he can only make contracts using the profits earned from depreciation transactions up to that point.

The total commission Fermi had earned through irregular methods was approximately 600 million gold.

Of course, Fermi also had to steadily purchase chips to maintain his school life and broker activities.

For example, the chip he used to get perfect scores on all 20 items in the major specialty exam was called "Air Element Basics," which he purchased from a retired certified mage for about 10 million gold on a 3-month contract.

Thus, the funds he could currently operate with were about 300 million gold - half of his net profit - but this was nowhere near the amount Fermi was aiming for.

In this situation, a transaction had come in that could earn him 600 times the operating funds he had accumulated so far.

Though Fermi rarely showed emotion, this time he had no choice but to give in to Miro.

"You safely extract magic through depreciation. Then you use the profits from that to enhance magic. Depending on how it's used, it's quite an efficient ability. The problem would be the commission fees, though. I don't know how much you've earned so far or what kind of magic you developed this ability to purchase, but the fact that you still haven't graduated from school means you haven't reached your target amount."

Fermi's eyes grew coldly calm.

"But I've proposed a transaction worth 190 billion gold. With a 99 percent commission rate, no less. That means 188.1 billion gold will come into your hands over three years. Would you really pass up the opportunity to buy something on a completely different level from the magic you've purchased so far?"

"Hahaha! Hahahaha!"

Fermi threw his head back and laughed.

Even Miro couldn't tell what emotion was contained in that laughter.

Suddenly the sound cut off abruptly, and Fermi spoke with a full smile on his face.

"Correct. As expected, I can't fool my aunt."

"Of course not. So you'd better not try any petty tricks. Let me say it again - the reason I specifically sought you out isn't because of problems with magic extraction. If there's no way to release Sirone's moratorium, I'll have no choice but to find another irregular. Of course, the 190 billion gold would just float away into thin air."

"Alright, alright. I understand, so listen to me."

Though he said that, his mouth didn't open for quite a while.

Fermi, hunched over with his chin propped up, confessed in a passing tone.

"There is a way. It's not completely impossible."

"I thought so. What is it?"

Fermi scratched his head with a troubled expression.

"But it's extremely difficult. The reason I tried to pretend not to know wasn't to get something more, but because it's something we don't even need to think about if possible. Aside from being dangerous, it's incredibly inefficient."

"Hearing that makes Adrias blood boil."

"Magic loan sharks sometimes attempt it. Usually when the party involved has died. In such cases, there's only one method left."

Fermi snatched the contract from the table and pointed to the signature line.

"Forge the signature."

"Aha."

Miro let out a soulless exclamation.

"But how? If it's a magical contract, the subject's will must be included, right?"

"That's why illegal methods are necessary. If Sirone's avatar is currently in a moratorium state, we make a replica of the avatar sign it."

"How do you replicate an avatar? Even with irregular methods, it's impossible to do when Sirone's avatar is asleep."

"We don't replicate it. It's already replicated 'somewhere.'"

Arius suddenly raised his head.

"Don't tell me?"

Miro looked back at Arius.

"You know about this too?"

"It's the same principle as when I found Miro-nim's trauma in Drimo. Human consciousness flows into Drimo through dreams. So what happens to the consciousness of the deceased?"

Miro blinked.

"The consciousness of the deceased can no longer engage in productive activities, so it fragments and combines with other information. In this process, information scraps that cannot combine are deposited in the lowest layer. Mental magic practitioners call this information 'Minority Conception.'"

Fermi continued.

"Minority Conception consists of information unnecessary for constructing the world. Information that's too common to need combining with other information, too unique and thus isolated, too bizarre and thus rejected - all of this belongs here. The world created by this information deposited in the lowest layer is a place called 'The Abyss.'"

Arius picked up the explanation.

"That's why it's serious. Information cannot have meaning independently and combines with countless other pieces of information. For example, if only 'apple' existed, we wouldn't know what it is. Countless pieces of information like 'red,' 'fruit,' 'tree,' 'sunlight,' etc. refer to each other, and finally we can understand what an 'apple' is. In contrast, Minority Conception consists of things rejected from such combinations. Because most of the information that makes up this world rejects it. The world still embraces things like 'murder' and 'torture,' but information below that level belongs only to a minority."

"So The Abyss is a combination of such information."

"Yes. Of course, any information in this world will eventually become Minority Conception. As time passes, information entropy decreases, and new information replaces it. Therefore, The Abyss is like a grave where all the world's information ultimately arrives."

Information is all the material that makes up this world.

Therefore, Miro could clearly understand what it meant to be the final destination of information.

"The last future this world can reach?"

Arius nodded.

"Apocalypse. Simply put, it's a virtual world that embodies the end of the world."

Fermi added.

"When the present changes, The Abyss changes too. But the fact that it's a world of endings never changes. Because it's a combination of abandoned information."

"And there... Sirone's information might have sunk there?"

Fermi returned to the starting point.

"It's possible. The reason The Abyss is called hell is because the information of the deceased also becomes Minority Conception and accumulates there. However, in cases like Sirone's moratorium state, we can't know to what extent it's been caught as Minority Conception. It might be intact, but it could also be considerably damaged."

"If we restore that information and establish a contract, could it have the same effect as if the real Sirone had contracted?"

"If properly restored, it's possible. After all, it's no different from the real Sirone's information."

Arius was skeptical.

"But how do we get there? Even if we're productive information that can enter Drimo, we don't fall into The Abyss. If we wanted to go, we'd have to die or destroy our minds through serious shock. But then we couldn't carry out the operation."

Fermi smiled meaningfully.

"We can go there, in perfect condition."

Miro and Arius both turned to look at him simultaneously.

"We can go? How?"

"Information that enters Drimo combines with other information. The patterns of combination where extreme numbers intertwine are infinite. But even if it seems strange by human standards, information is perfectly entangled to form a vast world. And only information rejected there gets bounced outside Drimo and accumulates in The Abyss. Therefore..."

Fermi's conclusion was simple.

"We just need to get bounced out too. Go outside Drimo. People who play in this field call that area <Under Coder>."

Even Miro was hearing this term for the first time.

"Those who handle Minority Conception are extremely closed off. Reality isn't particularly important to them. Because they create and play in their own worlds in Under Coder, even you, aunt, might find it unfamiliar. You'd probably be quite surprised if you went there. There are quite a few interesting worlds."

"In other words, they're perverts. Well, I won't bother asking about your tastes. So how do we enter <Under Coder>?"

"I can't tell you yet. Going to The Abyss now would be useless. To restore Sirone's avatar, we need people who have shared intimate communion with him. But we... aren't that, are we?"

"Hmm, then how about asking his magic school friends?"

Fermi held out his hand.

"That won't do. School is my livelihood. Find someone who has shared intimate communion with Sirone outside of magic school. Also, they must have some mission execution capability. These are the two conditions I'm presenting."

"When do you get to set conditions? Don't you want to make money?"

This time, Fermi didn't bend and shook his head.

The fact that he couldn't compromise on school even with a 190 billion gold transaction in front of him indicated that Fermi's ultimate goal wasn't simply money.

But since waking Sirone was the immediate priority, there was no point in arguing about it now.

'Anyway, to bypass the moratorium, we'll have no choice but to get Fermi's help.'

Just then, a maid called from outside the door.

"Young master, dinner is ready."

Fermi got up from his seat.

"Let's eat for now. You can stay here tonight and leave tomorrow morning. In the meantime, I'll finish preparing to go to <Under Coder>."

"Deal made."

Going down to the first floor, the smell of meat pie wafted richly.

It was a dish made by spreading tomato sauce on dough, adding bacon and vegetables, sprinkling cheese on top, and baking it in the oven.

Miro opened her mouth wide to bite into a slice of pie with cheese stretching long, then made a blissful expression.

"Ah, it's so delicious. You have no idea how hard it was wanting to eat this."

"Anyone watching would think you hadn't eaten for days."

At Enrique's words, Miro held up two fingers.

"Twenty years."

While trapped behind the dimensional wall, she had been completely free from physiological phenomena, but returning to the world had restored all her metabolism.

The unknown secret Guffin had conveyed.

And this must have been the reason Sirone could take out a loan against 127 years of results.

'Creating a forged contract. Finding out what Sirone's collateral is.'

To solve these two things, they needed to bring someone who had formed deep communion with Sirone.

'I'll have to go to Kashan. I need to get signatures anyway.'

Enrique asked outright.

"So, when exactly are you leaving this house?"

When Miro didn't answer, lost in thought, Fermi spoke instead.

"We'll be coming and going frequently for a while. We have things to consult about. Right, aunt?"

"Huh? Oh, right. You're not graduating and just seem to be doing useless things, so I thought I'd teach you a bit."

"How exciting. To be taught by the world's greatest mage."

Enrique looked at the two with suspicious eyes.

Keeping quiet even from family meant some kind of deal had already been made.

And the fact that Miro was the other party meant they were involved in something beyond common sense, which was obvious without asking.

'After tormenting me like that, now you're dragging your child into it too?'

Enrique sighed and resigned himself.

Though he had experienced many absurd things while getting entangled with Miro, he had also never felt such excitement in his life.

'Fine, let it be. Surely she won't drag him to hell or something?'

It was quite a harmonious dinner table.