The Obstacle Called Human (1)

Underworld Management Corporation.

Even knowing that Lete wouldn't return, the employees couldn't leave work.

"The system is breaking down."

The aftermath of Rian purifying the Valley of Wailing was shaking all of hell.

Vivian, Rian's assigned informator, delivered information transmitted through hidden code.

"Lete is protecting Yahweh. The demons seem incredibly angry."

Riona said.

"Of course. They were like fire and water. But Yahweh is amazing. I thought there would never be compromise. Working for so long, I get to see something like this."

"It won't be easy. Even if Lete manages hell, Satan is still the head of the demons."

RUMMMMMBLE!

The ground was collapsing.

'Not much time left.'

When this battle ends and the system is destroyed, they too will return to mere nothingness.

'So... what will you do?'

Riona wanted to check the final journey of Shagal and Etela, whom she was in charge of.

"Hah! Hah!"

Shagal ran endlessly.

"UAAAAH!"

The massive karma given to the two had now been reduced to tremendous units.

"I'll kill you! I'll tear you limb from limb!"

But this was also proof that the pain Shagal felt was just as enormous.

"Why can't I meet her?"

No matter how much he ran, Etela remained out of reach.

"Wait. I have something to say too. I have something I want to tell you."

If he could just meet her and see her face, he was confident he could change her mind.

No, even if he couldn't change it.

"I'll kill you!"

He felt like he'd go insane if he couldn't keep her by his side, even if it meant cutting her throat.

"Damn it!"

No matter how much he increased his speed, the gap remained constant.

"Why!"

Even when he wanted to give up, his sense of smell, her perfume seeming just within reach.

"UAAAAH!"

Shagal's heart was torn apart miserably.

'Just let me meet you.'

I'll slash everything in sight.

'Just get caught once.'

I'll inflict pain and more pain and more pain until you scream and beg for forgiveness...

"Please."

Shagal realized.

"Please give me just one chance."

Perhaps he might lose Etela forever like this.

"This damn—!"

Shagal, who had been howling at the sky, stopped running and limped forward.

"I..."

And finally, kneeling in that spot and shedding tears, he said this.

"I was wrong."

At that moment, Shagal's heart fell endlessly and tremendous karma was purified.

Riona's voice was heard.

Time remaining until purification: 24 years, 8,341 eons...

Shagal couldn't hear it.

How much karma they had left no longer held any meaning.

"I ruined everything. I won't do it again. I don't care if I suffer in hell forever. So..."

Shagal looked up tearfully.

"Please let me see her just once."

His only wish.

"I was wrong. I can't send her away like this. You can do anything to me, just once..."

Was to see Etela's smiling face.

Sigh.

The escaping sigh was a broadcast accident, but Riona calmly turned off the audio device.

Resting her chin on the table, she looked with sad eyes at the evil of evils clasping his hands in repentance.

"Really... why did you do that?"

You shouldn't have done that.

"There were so many chances to turn back. Chances to start over, chances to be happy..."

They were given to your life countless times.

Trapped by blind rage, unable to judge anything, just resenting the world.

"All that remains is regret."

Vivian approached.

"Now we've really reached the end."

"Yeah. Time can't be turned back for humans. Regret might be the most miserable and sad emotion."

"They never change. A self-destructive species that stubbornly writes wrong answers even knowing the correct ones."

The obstacle called human.

Vivian and Riona found themselves following Shagal with their eyes as he began running again.

"He has no choice but to run."

Because that's the only hope he has left.

A river of fire flowed through the Valley of Wailing.

The identity of the golden lava as abundant as before Jinseong-eum purified it was...

"Kill Lete!"

The magic of the demons gathered here.

"Cut off that woman's head and show it clearly! Tearing apart the flesh of that loathsome Yahweh!"

Countless demons threw themselves into Lete's fire, prepared for annihilation.

"KRAAAAH!"

Every time her children disappeared, Lete's heart ached too.

"Poor children, why do you rage? The end of rage is always only regret."

"You betrayed us! You abandoned us!"

The demons cried out, shedding tears of blood.

As if they didn't care about anything as long as their deaths could cause Lete even a little pain.

Lete's eyes became lonely.

"Well..."

You too were born from humans.

Because the number of purified demons was tremendous, the river of fire flowed backward upward.

It was where Rian and Jinseong-eum were, and Shirone also lay collapsed there.

Rian used all his strength to kindle Gehenna's flames.

"UAAAAAAAH!"

The valley shook, and the backward-flowing river of fire instantly evaporated in front of Shirone.

'I'll protect Shirone.'

Even in a state painful enough to lose consciousness, one thought still remained.

What a ridiculous fool.

The black monks wandering the sky pierced chains into Rian's immobile body.

"KRUUUUH!"

The skin on his face cracked, and finally a skeleton-like frame was revealed.

'I can't endure like this.'

Though he had pushed divine transcendence to its limit, his Idea's recovery wasn't the same as before.

At the point where even his bones were melting after his muscles, Rian felt as if even his soul was burning.

'I am...'

A guy with no particular talents.

'The world calls me a Grand Swordsman, but honestly, it doesn't matter anymore. Whether they admire or envy me, I don't even care.'

Are you proud of reaching this level?

'As if.'

Well, if the level of Grand Swordsman had just dropped from the sky, I might even bow to it.

'There's no way I'd feel good about it.'

It's just a title exchanged purely for pain.

'The way to be good at something?'

I know just one thing.

'Even if it's painful not being good at it, even if all kinds of selfish intentions, unreasonable situations, sadistic pain, despair before impossibility, and mockery from countless others who don't care about my pain are inflicted...'

"Endure."

That's all.

"UAAAAAAAH!"

Endure.

"I'll never break!"

Red energy began racing along the black monk's chains embedded in Rian's body.

Dangerous! Fall back!

Though the black monks scattered belatedly, Gehenna's fire climbed the chains faster than that.

BOOOOOOOOM!

The cluster of black monks caused a massive explosion.

"Wh-what is that?"

Even the demons who hated Lete were mesmerized by the flames filling the entire sky.

Lete turned around.

"Purification."

Rian's body, burning like fuel, was melting the chains connected to Jinseong-eum.

Seong-eum's soul screamed.

"KYAAAAAAAH!"

If purification continued like this, she too would completely melt in the fire and disappear.

'What should I do now, Shirone?'

Therefore, to save Seong-eum, the other world's system needed to be paralyzed for a moment.

And that timing was in the hands of the Jincheon Empire, which would fire the Pharma Light Cannon.

Anchal shouted, breaking out in cold sweat.

"Your Majesty! Final stage!"

The energy being concentrated on Etela was passing 99 percent toward 100 percent.

"Cough!"

Jingang's body sitting in the chair was bent halfway like a willow tree.

"Your, Your Majesty."

Already in a state where death would be appropriate.

With unfocused eyes, he slowly rose from his chair and staggered.

The reason no one supported him was because this was the most meaningful time in the emperor's life.

"Daughter."

My daughter Jinseong-eum.

'Only after sending you to hell did I realize. This Jingang who knew nothing of regret...'

Wept, shedding tears of blood.

"Hell, you say?"

Jingang's face contorted like a demon.

"How dare you, to my daughter?"

Red light entered the lens of the Pharma Light Cannon.

Shagal suddenly raised his head.

"Etela?"

Her perfume, which had been spread throughout the other world, was suddenly felt nearby.

'She's close.'

Shagal frantically sniffed the air.

"Etela! Etela!"

Perhaps because he had repented?

"Yes! Just wait a little!"

He had no greed.

If he could just capture her face in his eyes one last time, he wouldn't ask for more.

"Etela!"

Hearing Shagal's voice through the chains of Taegeuk, Etela slowly turned around.

The reason Shagal caught her scent was because her journey had ended.

"We've arrived, children."

The tremendous energy amplifying from her body would soon devastate hell.

"Mom! Mom!"

Completely covered in Limbo, Etela waited for her final moment and thought of Shagal.

"I'm sorry."

The reason she had no choice but to turn away from Shagal was because she knew what Taegeuk's karma was.

"It cannot be undone."

If liberating Limbo and saving Jinseong-eum was the karma given to good...

"Your evil deeds are..."

Karma filled with endless regret.

"Etela! UAAAAH! Etela!"

Shagal howled and ran around in all directions.

Though he was gradually pinpointing her location, the karma remaining between them was also rapidly diminishing.

"No! No!"

Don't purify me.

'Even if I stay in hell, please...'

Because he couldn't disappear like this, Shagal breathed until his nose bled.

Etela gently closed her eyes.

'He's coming.'

The moment she felt a massive explosion from within herself, Shagal's eyes widened.

'There!'

Having precisely located where Etela was, he threw his body with all his might.

Remaining purification time: 4,232 hours. 3,511 hours. 2,382 hours...

Shagal prayed.

"O God."

Please show mercy.

"Did you think you'd be safe after throwing her into hell! The princess of Jincheon! How dare you touch my daughter!"

Spitting blood from his mouth, Jingang clutched his chest and roared.

"UAAAAAAAAAAH!"

It was a father's final strike launched into hell.

Just as Etela's body was enveloped in light, Shagal's voice was heard from far away.

"No!"

He was running precisely in this direction, but Etela knew his ending.

"We can't meet."

No matter how much space he closed, time wouldn't allow it.

Shagal held his breath.

'She's there!'

If he reached there, he could see Etela.

Since his eyes couldn't see anyway, it shouldn't matter that she was in the process.

Remaining purification time: 5 seconds, 4 seconds, 3 seconds.

As if mocking Shagal, karma was diminishing based on exact distance.

Shagal reached out his hand.

"Just a little more!"

And when his fingertips reached one meter before Etela.

1 second.

"Huuuuh!"

He finally understood.

The absence of just 1 second.

But that missing 1 second, when converted to space, was equivalent to infinite distance.

"Etela."

Shagal sobbed.

"I was wrong..."

Simultaneously, a tremendous explosion erupted from Etela's body, devastating the process.

RUMMMMMBLE!

As seismic waves spread throughout hell, the informator's final message was heard.

Purification... is... complete.