God's Choice (4)

"What?"

As Havitz looked around, Uorin backed away while sitting down hard on the ground.

"Ugh."

Pain hit her as the Vanishing was released.

'My leg...'

Blood was flowing from where her calf muscle had been torn.

"Hmm."

On the other hand, Havitz felt no strangeness even looking at the wound on his side.

Just a sense of kinship.

The fact that he could guess because they shared the same Vanishing conveyed the seriousness of the situation.

'It's similar to my ability.'

Havitz pointed his sword at Uorin.

"Come out. I'll kill you."

Another Vanishing was released, and finally it was perceived that Kido was guarding Uorin's side.

"Heh?"

Having always been in the perpetrator's position, Havitz found it interesting to be in the victim's position.

'So this is how it felt for those who died by my hand.'

Havitz lowered his sword and asked.

"How did you do it?"

Kido remained silent, but Uorin realized as she replayed the situation from earlier.

'The taste of memories.'

By eating Havitz's ankle that had been torn off by the earthbound spirit, she had absorbed his memories.

"Ugh..."

Kido's eyes were half-glazed.

'Crazy bastard.'

He had eaten the memories of countless humans, but had never seen anyone this insane.

'I feel like throwing up.'

Every time he traced through Havitz's memories, it felt like his head was getting tangled up.

'How can someone live with a mind like this?'

Even beasts were better.

'Primitive instincts pursued by extreme rationality. Nothing to do with survival—only desires for amusement.'

In other words, a pervert.

Kido glanced at Uorin's wound.

'She's seriously cut. She can't escape on her own.'

When Havitz's movements froze due to the Blade, Kido made the choice of a lifetime.

'Even if I protect Uorin from one attack, she'll end up dying to Vanishing anyway.'

Then he would abandon Uorin and eat Havitz's ankle lying on the ground.

'I absorbed Vanishing in the end.'

It wasn't the product of effort like Natasha's, but this time it was too extreme a talent.

'If you consider mental illness a talent, he's a genius.'

The problem was that in a state with Vanishing activated, logical judgment was impossible.

Kido said.

"If you kill the Empress, then I'll protect the Empress. If we both activate Vanishing at the same time, there's no telling who will win then. It's just a dice game."

That was certainly true.

Faced with a different kind of crisis than he had experienced before, Havitz thought carefully.

Of course, there was no such thing as 'thinking.'

"Kukuku."

Only the desire craving pleasure.

"That sounds fun."

At the entrance to Delta, the procession of people had all collapsed and were strangling themselves.

"This can't be..."

While Untara was shocked, Shirone realized.

'God.'

If you can't be used, I'll kill you—that's what it meant.

'Is that you?'

No serial killer in the world could kill hundreds of millions of people at once.

'Do you really think that's okay?'

God says this:

Emptiness.

Because this world viewed from the outside world is nothing more than bubbles that exist for an instant and then disappear.

'But we are...'

Beings who live eternity in that instant.

"Mica."

The world population was rapidly decreasing. 10.43 million. 2.27 million. 4.89 million. 44.29 million.

Everyone was committing suicide.

"Huuuu."

Numbers that made his jaw tremble involuntarily.

Not everyone had died yet, but more than half of humanity had given up on life.

'But why?'

Is God a murderer?

"Beep! Beep beep!"

In Delta's corridor burning with the waves of people, Kitura finished two types of calculations.

The algorithms he performed were two:

1. Repeat calculations until 100 percent is achieved under the current system.

2. Change the system through learning.

First, the conclusion corresponding to the first was to delegate Illuminati's authority.

62.7 percent of users are requesting logout. Activating system shutdown authority.

Now the universe could be closed.

"Beep..."

But at that moment, Kitura—God—evaluated the figure of 62.7 percent.

'Is it enough?'

It exceeded the requirements set by Illuminati, but the remaining 37.3 percent of users refused.

Even God needed reasonable logic to block users' master codes.

Causality is dropping. Probability 100.000000 percent. Probability 100.0000 percent.

Though both were 100 percent, a flow was detected where perfection broke down over time.

Probability 100.00 percent.

'Approved.'

By the utterly mechanical logic that the benefit of more users should be pursued.

System shutdown.

God entered the termination code for one of countless worlds in the multiverse.

Outer space.

At the point when Shirone Sphere's workload broke through 98 percent, solar winds rushed in.

"Ugh!"

Even Shirone, who was far away, could barely endure it.

'The laws are changing.'

The rapidly swollen sun would swallow the entire system and then contract to a small point.

How long would it take for that point to absorb the universe?

10,000 years? 100,000 years? 100 million years?

'No.'

In the outside world, it's an instant.

Like bursting a soap bubble, like turning off a running machine—existing and then disappearing.

'Please...'

Workload is 98.356 percent.

Receiving Mica's cold information, Shirone calculated the time and despaired.

'I can't make it in time.'

The Shirone on the ground was changing the cause with tachyons, but God was doing the same.

'I have no choice but to focus on the Sphere.'

Shirone looked at the sun's core.

'Please.'

Please hold on.

Amy squeezed out her soul.

"Huuuu."

She maximized the Fire Avatar, but the sun's laws seemed to want to burn even fire.

"Amy, go back."

Ikael said.

"This is the end. We will soon melt away into the world's laws. But you're not an angel. I can't let you die in a place like this."

Once the sun exploded, even the God of the outside world couldn't reverse it.

'A truly unique irreversible event.'

It could be called the true end of Omega.

"The apocalypse can't be stopped, but the universe won't disappear immediately. There will be some time."

After the sun exploded, maybe 10 minutes—no, for them, maybe 10 more days of survival?

Knowing that Ikael's words weren't lies made Amy's heart miserable.

'Shirone.'

She wanted to see him.

If the apocalypse couldn't be reversed anyway, she wanted to at least face the end together.

'Sorry, Shirone.'

Shedding tears of fire, Amy said.

"No. I'll stay here."

"Amy."

"Don't think about persuading me. Of course there's no method, and I want to see Shirone too, but..."

How to die?

"I'll fight until the end."

Amy seemed ready.

"Amy's going to die."

At Fermi's words, Seriel's eyes widened.

"What!"

Immediately grabbing him by the collar.

"You crazy bastard! How can you tell me something so important now! What about Shirone? Does Shirone know too?"

"No."

Seriel was even more dumbfounded.

"Are you really crazy? You knew and didn't say anything?"

"Didn't you say you'd understand?"

Of course she had, but this was far beyond what she had expected.

Having lost even the energy to hit him, she released her grip on Fermi's collar and staggered.

"How could you do such a thing... Fermi, this isn't right. Of course one person's life can't be more precious than all of humanity, but still, this is wrong. You are..."

Seriel shouted through tears.

"A friend!"

Fermi approached the window.

"Not really a friend."

"Fermi!"

"But I do think she's important. Anyway, Amy is Yahweh's core emotion."

"If you had told Shirone the truth, the future would have been completely different from now. Even with the cooperation of many, this future was ultimately led by Shirone."

The moment Shirone suddenly took a drastically different course, information about the future would become waste paper.

"So... you sacrificed Amy?"

"No."

Fermi turned around with a cold expression.

"I'm going to save Amy."

"What I can tell you at this point is that to save Amy, she has to die first."

Seriel stared blankly with her mouth open.

"And..."

Fermi smiled bitterly.

"Not yet."

The archangels were disappearing.

'Is this what it's like?'

The feeling of heading toward an endless state of nothingness, impossible to regenerate, was truly terrible.

'To end like this after all.'

At the end of her melting mental body, Satiel recalled a very distant memory.

'There were good times too.'

No, looking back now, it seemed there had been far fewer times that weren't good.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Metatron, Faiel, Methiel, and Kariel disappeared, and then it was Rayel's turn.

"Satiel."

His mind was transmitted.

"Remember... me."

Satiel choked up.

When all the angels left her side, when she screamed in despair, he was the only angel who came to her.

"Ugh!"

Why did I...

'When he was so close.'

Why did I commit such a foolish act?

"Ikael."

Satiel smiled sadly.

"I'm sorry."

At that moment, Ikael felt it.

An indescribable heart growing infinitely within her mind.

'Heart.'

That itself wasn't an error, but.

'Love is...'

An error.

"Beeeeeep!"

Kitura let out the most extreme mechanical sound while trembling all over.

Probability 99.999999999...

'The calculation is wrong.'

To correct the error, Kitura immediately accessed Satiel's mind.

Processes racing at light speed.

Thump... Thump...

In the dark space where familiar beating sounds could be heard, Satiel slowly opened her eyes.

"Satiel."

Ankera, the sun's avatar—a huge brown mass with large eyes—was there.

"Lord Ankera."

Though no time passes in the exchange of signals, Ankera brought up the chilling main point.

"Your quantum signal is interfering with my signal. Take immediate action."

"I'm sorry. It's my oversight. But Lord Ankera, I cannot do that."

That's what the heart is like.

"I'll give you eternal life."

And Ankera knew how to change quantum signals.

"I'll let you exist in another universe with your current signal intact. You can do whatever you want."

Satiel, shyly bowing her head, said.

"Whatever I want?"

"Yes. Everything you desire will be provided."

"Is Guffin there too?"

"Lord Ankera, I was always a faithful servant to you. That's why I reported Ikael's betrayal and even drove the child born between Guffin and me to death."

Slowly moving forward, Satiel sat in front of Ankera and stroked his rough skin.

"I thought that would work. If I followed your will, I could obtain something precious. But how did it turn out? They all left forever. Ikael, Guffin, the angels who followed me, even you."

"I never abandoned you."

"...I suppose so."

Satiel's eyes bulged.

"Because I was never in your thoughts to begin with, you bastard."

With clenched fingers, she dug into Ankera's eye and pushed in up to her shoulder.

"Kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!"

With a world-splitting high-frequency sound, the connection between God and Satiel was severed.