[752] Holy War (3)

The Eymond Republic was divided into north and south 200 years ago and is still engaged in fierce warfare to this day.

North Eymond in particular forms an extremely closed society under the reign of terror by dictator Igor.

It was the only nation that did not follow the Ivory Tower's will, and even after the altars were opened, no country knew about the aftermath handling.

'Every village is a military base.'

Sirone, who had arrived in North Eymond three days ago, was heading south along the mountain range near the capital.

Since departing from the Ivory Tower, he had sealed altars while passing through seven countries, but uniquely in Eymond, there had been no results.

The residents here terribly hated foreign interference, and when they discovered outsiders, they showed a fighting spirit that didn't hesitate even at suicide attacks.

'Are they really brainwashed?'

While it was impossible to brainwash more than 20 million people with magic, watching them made him think even such thoughts.

Besides the difficulty of approach, another problem was that since entering North Eymond, there was no way to use Terraforce channels.

The citizens trusted no one but Igor, nor were they allowed to trust anyone else.

'I'll have to sleep in the mountains again today.'

Since all human residential areas were being used as military facilities, he had no choice but to camp out.

'Material.'

Armand's final evolved form that had accepted Yahweh's light could manifest all matter that existed in the world.

"Sleeping bag, utensils, toiletries and..."

As the molecular structures he had realized through omniscience combined with omnipotence, objects appeared one by one before Sirone.

Finally, Sirone manifested firewood and muttered while recalling Yahweh's light.

"Catch fire."

The firewood suddenly heated up, then burst into flames with a whoosh, conveying warm heat.

Since it was deep in the mountains, patrols wouldn't come, but he didn't forget to cast illusion magic in preparation for any situation.

"Phew, I'm tired."

Sirone sat leaning his back against a tree trunk and looked at the stars twinkling beyond the leaves.

'...Where is this place?'

Though Sirone had returned from the realm of infinity, the questions humans had harbored since ancient times remained unresolved.

'Let's not think about it for now.'

As long as Nane was holding out, it was time to devote himself to human affairs.

Sirone took out a letter from his chest.

'It's like finding a needle in a desert though...'

It was a letter with Uorin's handwriting beginning with "To my dear Sirone."

Sirone read it with his eyes.

First, congratulations. You've become a star of the Ivory Tower.

I want to run to you and hug you right now, but I'm disappointed that I can't.

No matter how many times he read it, the words made him feel so embarrassed that his nerves tingled.

I think if it's my request, you'll listen to it.

It was a typical shift in attitude for Uorin.

Can you come to me right now? It's urgent.

Since he had received much help from Uorin, Sirone had pondered for a long time when he first read this sentence.

But if there are circumstances that make it impossible, that is, if you can't meet me for personal reasons...

She seemed to understand Sirone's situation where he couldn't add emotional weight to anyone.

There's something I really want you to find during your journey to seal the altars.

It's for humanity.

It doesn't matter how long it takes, but you must find it.

If it was this kind of request, Sirone could certainly listen to it.

Now I'll tell you about the future I predict.

Mitochondrial Eve.

Although there were no precedent events to compare with past incidents, Uorin had another ability called future sight.

As Sirone estimated, it was seeing timelines, which manifested extremely rarely even in the history of numerous Teraje.

It was also the reason why the previous Teraje Mistral killed numerous daughters and made Uorin her direct successor.

Like the north, south, east, and west of space, this world will expand while having four major directions in the future.

Sirone examined the cross drawn as an easy-to-understand diagram.

North and south had Void and Love written, east and west had Good and Evil.

I call this the 'Compass of Law.'

From now on, all beings will stand at some point where these four directions combine.

Another direction for escaping up and down had been created in a world that had only good and evil.

At the center of the Compass of Law is Pain - humans who endlessly suffer without direction.

Micheangelo.

If Nane is extreme void, then you are extreme love.

I can predict that you won't come to me because you keep the law of universal love.

Even without future sight, one could guess the principles of how the world works using the Compass of Law.

In the East, this is called yin-yang or I Ching.

And as the representative figure of extreme good, there's naturally Miro.

Because she inherited the will of Fermi's mother, Yolga.

By the time you receive this letter, Miro will have already implemented the Zion Project.

In short, she lit the torch of good.

Now you understand what I want to say.

From this point, power entered Uorin's handwriting.

According to the Compass of Law, it's estimated that extreme evil will reveal itself in this world soon.

Because good and evil refer to each other.

Even if you and Nane are neck and neck, the battle between good and evil is another matter. If it tilts even slightly to one side, countless beings within the Compass of Law will be swept up.

It would become a fight over who could encroach more on the four pies that equally divided the law.

Zion is already exerting its maximum capacity.

Judging that it's difficult to push back extreme evil at this point, therefore I found a new method.

Sirone took a long breath and read the next sentence.

Use evil to eliminate extreme evil.

While Sirone personally might feel otherwise, since there was no constraint of good and evil for Yahweh, he didn't particularly feel exhilarated.

Now comes the important content.

Once you put it in your head, please tear off and dispose of this part.

Though she had kindly drawn even a perforation line, Sirone, who wielded Material, could restore it anytime.

The letter he was reading now was just that.

The object you need to find is an S-class object called <Beopsal>, a short sword.

Like the Armand I gave you, it's known as the strongest object among weapons.

When he saw "I gave you" underlined, even Sirone had burst into laughter.

You're probably thinking this, right? If it's such an object, shouldn't it already be in the hands of the wealthy?

Correct.

Fortunately, that's not the case.

This might be even more daunting, but no one knows where <Beopsal> is.

Because... no one looks for it.

From this point, even Sirone had become curious.

Then let me give you a hint. If you know what kind of weapon it is, you'll be able to trace the route.

<Beopsal> is first of all a very dangerous weapon. Because that short sword must kill something.

It was an object that had no choice but to do so.

How does it kill? It kills through law.

For example, if I hold <Beopsal> and think of someone I really want to kill with strong desire, my will becomes embedded in the short sword.

It was eerie.

That's the end.

Once the will is embedded in the short sword, that sword will definitely kill that target under any circumstances, even if it means twisting the law.

At first, it wasn't readily understandable.

For example, let's say I have <Beopsal> and embedded the will to kill person A.

The methods are infinite.

Probably one day, one of my maids will steal <Beopsal>. Then she'll get hit by a carriage.

A passerby will pick up <Beopsal> again. Then they'll be pickpocketed, and so on, endlessly changing the law until it finally ends up in the hands of the innkeeper where A is staying.

That owner examines <Beopsal> while cleaning rooms, and coincidentally enters the wrong room where person A is taking a nap.

While approaching to check on him briefly, they trip over a wine bottle A dropped the night before and fall forward...

Sirone turned to the next page.

Eventually, <Beopsal> ends up piercing exactly into person A's heart without a single inch of error.

It was the workings of law that would be impossible without all situations being calculated from the beginning.

Though he had read this content several times, whenever he passed this part, he couldn't help but feel chills down his spine.

"Really crazy."

Since he knew how objects were made, these words came out naturally.

Who on earth?

How powerful a killing intent must have been contained for such an absurd object to appear in the world?

As if having a conversation nearby, Uorin immediately wrote the answer in the letter.

The reason I'm specifically asking you to find <Beopsal> is because the original owner of that object is one of the Ivory Tower's Five Great Stars, Miracle Minerva.

The shock Sirone received at that time was considerable.

When he learned that a star of the Ivory Tower was the owner of <Beopsal>, he thought about asking Luvr, but after reading the entire letter, he couldn't bring himself to seek her out.

Minerva became known as the Great Witch around 700 years ago.

Since I was also active as a witch at that time, I met her several times.

Of course, it was the experience of a predecessor, and after this point, a huge empire called Kashan was established.

She's an unfortunate person.

If a Teraje called someone unfortunate...

She wasn't a witch from the beginning, but probably she eventually became one.

When you observe human life transcending lifespan, you come to know something. That eventually, it can only turn out that way.

Because she was a woman, because she was beautiful, because she had a mole under her eye, because of some aspect of her personality, because that's how the times flowed.

If reality was merely countless combinations, then ultimately the future would just flow as predetermined following the wheel of law.

Behemoth of the Council of Ten conducted the ultimate experiment on this problem and left, but it's not yet time to confirm the results.

If free will truly exists, it should be able to destroy the future.

So for now, I'll call it a curse.

That's how Minerva was born. Someone who makes you want to make others cry, torment them, and plunge them into despair for no reason.

From age ten, she was entertained by officials of various countries. It must have been a terrible life.

Uorin spared her words.

A young child without even the ability to fight - the humiliation she suffered became anger toward humanity as it was...

That's how <Beopsal> was created.

Mercury Miracle.

The planet gifted directly by Taeseong had no living creatures and was composed only of water.

A giant full moon filling the sky.

At the center of that giant moon that tempted witches, Minerva sat on a broomstick, lost in thought.

She was a ten-year-old little girl.

"..."

She, who had been holding moonlight in her eyes, smiled thinly and extended her hand.

"I should cleanse my heart with moonlight."

As she caressed the moon like that, she placed her hand on her chest and rubbed downward.

"I should cleanse it thoroughly."

Transparent tears dropped into the sea with soft plops.

"Thoroughly..."

As long as Nane didn't close the world, the terrible wounds would never heal, but...

"I should cleanse it."

Minerva endlessly stroked her chest.