[712] What Do You Gain? (1)

The laws that had flowed into the lowlands were layered beneath the labyrinth like liquids of different densities.

There were seven layers in total, but Nane had no way of knowing this fact yet.

As Nane gazed upon the landscape that embodied utterly human suffering, another question arose in his mind.

'What is human?'

What was being committed on the first basement level was perhaps the most powerful violence that could be inflicted upon human dignity.

"Aaahhh! Please stop!"

Monks who had followed the will of good, mages with cold reason, and knights of conviction were all screaming alike.

'Why do they suffer?'

The sight of humans writhing in a hell created by humans was truly the irony of this world.

'In this hollow world that disappears when you close your eyes.'

"Kekeke, it's been a while since a newcomer entered."

The residents of the other world living on Pytharos's first basement level approached with excited faces, waddling forward.

Not a single being had intact limbs, as if they were sewn together like stuffed dolls, and they carried hideous hooks.

Tools that looked like those used to pierce and pull meat at a butcher shop were faithfully performing their role amidst the flames everywhere.

"Welcome, human. We shall destroy your mind."

Nane did not understand the residents' language.

When one knows the principles of the world and exactly what must be done, the meaning of language disappears.

"Send these pitiful beings outside."

The residents who had long enjoyed human voices understood Nane's words.

"Outside?"

The residents stuck out their tongues and burst into laughter.

"What an amusing toy has entered. Do you know what those who said such things eventually end up saying?"

A resident with bulging eyes mimicked humans.

"Please spare my life!"

The residents doubled over with laughter, but Nane simply walked forward calmly.

"At the end of hell lies the truth I seek."

La Enermy would be waiting for Nane in the deepest part of Pytharos.

"Is it not also my given karma to rescue them from this human hell created by humans?"

A resident of the other world extended a hook.

"If you can endure it, we'll send you through. But I guarantee you'll also shed tears of blood and beg."

"There is no pain I do not know."

When someone raised a hook high and struck down at his back, sparks flew in Nane's eyes.

'Why was I born?'

Fate, the wheel of law.

'What transcends the great cycle of reincarnation?'

Kar coefficient 99.999 percent.

The Seionne party that had entered Jessica's pyramid looked up at the ceiling where clouds floated.

"There's a sky."

It was an artificial sky.

Moon-kyung, the leader of the Three Treasures, pointed to the endlessly stretching horizon.

"It really is a vast place. The rumors weren't exaggerated."

To giants it was merely one city, but by human standards it was the size of a kingdom.

"Size is meaningless to me."

To Jin Seionne, who had realized ether waves, space was like an infinite rubber band that could be stretched and contracted at will.

"Is La Enermy really here?"

"It doesn't matter. I'll search the entire world if I have to."

As long as La Enermy existed, she would inevitably reveal herself before Seionne's eyes.

"Even a giant's city should be sufficient with ten steps..."

When Seionne concentrated her mind, ether waves transmitted and countless objects were detected.

"First, one step."

Ether Wave

Shrinking Earth.

The scenery ahead crumpled and rushed in as a distance of nearly 4 kilometers was instantly brought before her eyes.

"What are you people!"

From beyond the boundary where two landscapes met incongruously, a group drew their weapons and glared at Seionne.

Having arrived at Jessica's first base camp in a single step, she looked around and said:

"I am Princess Jin Seionne of the Jincheon Empire. From now on, I will occupy Jessica, so I ask for your cooperation."

While the Three Treasures' guards waited for an answer with solemn expressions, the hunters who had been camped there blinked their eyes.

"Princess? Jincheon Empire?"

The hunter leader shrugged his shoulders.

"Kekeke. Hey guys, did you hear that? A princess, she says."

Of course, it wasn't that they didn't believe Seionne's words, but in the labyrinth Jessica, titles from the outside world meant nothing.

"Hey, airheaded princess. Do you know where this is? No, do you know how many people we've killed over the past year to claim this base camp?"

Where Seionne turned her head, the bones of what appeared to be at least 200 people were piled up like a mountain.

"That's regrettable."

"What?"

"My destination is the end of the labyrinth. It has nothing to do with you people dawdling around in a place like this. Tell me what you know. Then I'll pass by quietly."

"This is maddening, really."

Even without recalling the hunters' maxim that 'information is almost everything,' there was such a thing as business ethics.

"Guys, it's been a while since we've had some exercise."

Just as the Three Treasures soldiers drew their weapons upon sensing the hunters' killing intent, Seionne spread her hand to the side and stepped forward.

"Don't interfere. This is my fight."

Those were the conditions, and the hunters, grasping the moment when the Three Treasures hesitated, leaped at Seionne and swung their swords.

"Die, you foolish woman!"

Dozens of swords flashed as they were swung.

"Gaaah!"

The moment the slashing ended, the necks of all hunters except the leader fell clean off.

"H-how...?"

The leader couldn't believe what he saw with his own eyes.

The swords that should have cut Seionne suddenly disappeared, then appeared behind each of them and severed their own necks.

'Invincible under heaven.'

These were the words that arose in Moon-kyung's mind.

'When space itself is bent, any attack becomes useless. The one who will achieve unification under heaven is Jin Seionne of Jincheon.'

Having dealt with the hunters, Seionne walked toward the leader who was trembling with a pale face.

"Tell me what you know."

"Hiik!"

"If you honestly share information, I'll spare your life."

The leader looked over his massacred comrades' corpses, then spoke with a resigned expression.

"This is a giant's ruin."

According to their investigation, Jessica was composed of 10 zones spreading like concentric circles.

"The scale of structures grows larger as you cross boundaries. From the 6th stage it gets smaller again, though we couldn't confirm that. However, the quality of excavated ancient weapons will be significantly higher."

"Ancient weapons are of no interest to me. However, the ten zones seem to represent the art of enlightenment."

"That could be."

It was natural for Ymir, the only one in heaven's history to break through the 10th stage, to come to mind.

Seionne passed by the leader, saying:

"As promised, I'll spare your life."

The relief of survival was brief; seeing his beheaded comrades made him realize he had lost everything.

'You damn bastards! Leaving only me behind - are you telling me to get beaten to death by your families?'

After a year of countless battles building trust deeper than brothers, they had to go and die by their own hands - and it wasn't even meant to be funny.

'I'm going crazy!'

Rage boiled up.

'Yes, endure it! I barely saved my life! Just endure it like trash... like a maggot...'

The sword on the ground temptingly extended its handle, and before he knew it, his feet kicked off the ground.

"Die, you bitch!"

The moment the leader flew above Seionne's head and brought his sword down vertically with all his soul.

Ether Wave

Bending Song.

Space refracted and the central part of the blade contained within bent high like a mountain.

"......"

The leader, who had landed on the ground in his sword-swinging stance, trembled as he took in the sight of his blade bent to Seionne's height.

"Damn it...! What... is this!"

He wept miserably while awaiting a dog's death.

"Are you resentful that your comrades died?"

When Seionne slowly turned around, the leader raised his tear-stained face.

"Kill me!"

"No."

Seionne knelt on one knee before the leader and gently touched his head.

"Live."

The leader's face went blank.

"I said I would not kill you. Whether you seek revenge, or devote your life to revenge, I will not kill you. This is Jin Seionne, Princess of Jincheon."

Perhaps only Jin Seionne in all the world could make a promise to absolutely never kill someone, no matter what harm they might inflict.

'Just how high is this woman?'

Rising again, Seionne detected the next boundary with ether waves and cast Shrinking Earth.

Space rushed in once more, and her second step to explore Jessica was taken.

Watching the scenery snap back into place like a rubber band, the leader cleanly washed away the resentment in his heart.

'Revenge and such...'

He couldn't even dream of it.

Labyrinth Andre

World #847.

Arriving in the city called Codename, Shirone was being pursued by countless people with numbers carved on their foreheads.

"It's a Numberless Human! Catch him!"

Among the 19,000 worlds, some seemed to have evolved independently without interference from other worlds.

And Codename was a world of perfect inequality.

"How dare you refuse #427,621!"

Every human in this city was assigned a number according to their value from birth, and no two numbers were the same.

In other words, all humans from the most exalted #1 to #427,620 were ranked by their numbers.

'What kind of insane world is this!'

The armed pursuers had code numbers in the 230,000s, corresponding to this city's middle class.

Shirone cast teleportation and climbed to a brick building's rooftop before jumping down into an alley.

A beggar leaning against the wall was startled and first examined Shirone's forehead.

"No code..."

Perhaps having adapted to this world in the short time, Shirone also checked the beggar's forehead and saw the number 417,631.

"You bastard! You're inferior to me!"

The beggar grabbed Shirone's clothes.

"Give it up! It's all mine! Give me food too! And from now on, work for me! Bring me money!"

Just then, hearing the beggar's voice, the pursuers occupied the alley with their armor clanking.

"There he is! Catch him!"

"Hiik! #230,000s!"

The terrified beggar prostrated himself flat and bowed his head.

"Please spare me! I'm just a lowly beggar! Please don't kill me!"

As Shirone adjusted his collar and ran through the alley again, the pursuers chased after him without paying any attention to the beggar.

'What's the big deal about numbers anyway?'

From what he had investigated so far, numbers were absolute in this city, and even murder wasn't considered a crime.

However, in special cases, one could receive a new number through exchange or acquisition.

Exchange was when a superior human switched numbers with an inferior human, usually decided through duels.

Acquisition was much more extreme - an inferior human could register at the government office by beheading a superior human.

'If I keep running away like this, there'll be no end.'

In this place, being numberless was a sin by mere existence, and everyone who saw Shirone came at him with fire in their eyes.

"Move! Get out of the way!"

The reason he couldn't easily escape was due to the strange abilities used by Codename's residents.

'I can't sense any Spirit Zone though...'

When knights who had leaped high into the sky threw flames at Shirone, pillars of fire erupted from the ground.

"You idiot! What if you hit a superior?!"

"I'm sorry! Please spare my life!"

Snorting at the ridiculous nonsense, Shirone leaped through the air when suddenly a shop door opened.

"Oh no...!"

Using Armand's physical enhancement ability to stop abruptly, a girl let out a shrill scream of surprise.

"What a shock! What's going on?"

Though Shirone was annoyed by Codename's rules, he couldn't help but look toward her forehead.

'I'm really going crazy!'

On her clear forehead was written the number 97.