Twilight (4)

Kang Nan approached Gaold.

"Are you okay?"

His eyes were wide open, and he seemed to have suffered tremendous mental shock.

'He has no choice.'

Kang Nan didn't know Gaold's pain, but she understood how vast the gap between imagination and reality could be.

'Those eyes must be the Gaians' Ultima that Ruber mentioned. Gaold was defined in that instant.' Along with pain no human could endure.

"Hey! Is everyone safe?"

Sein came running with the merchant coalition.

"You really did it?"

The merchants were surprised that the weapons depot had been destroyed, but Sein's expression was serious.

"Those eyes just now..."

"Right. It seems the merchants can't see them. The compromise has been broken. Shirone and Miro have awakened..."

And now it was Gaold's turn.

Sein watched Gaold, who still lay there in a daze, for a long time.

'So that's how it is?' If this world was reality, then he could guess why Gaold couldn't get up.

'It must be tremendous fear.'

Kang Nan said:

"The more we awaken, the more the world collapses. Ymir is still targeting us even now."

Should they have done nothing at all?

"Let's go."

Gaold stood up.

"No need to think deeply about it. First, we need to find Miro. She must have gone to their headquarters."

Kang Nan asked:

"Will you be okay?"

Could he awaken again?

Even Gaold himself couldn't be certain, but he didn't stop walking.

"The fact that I awakened means Miro and Shirone's condition is also different from what we know. We can save them."

Kang Nan felt a wistful nostalgia.

'That's the kind of person he is.'

The ability to forget was also a talent.

'Someone who erases even unforgettable pain from memory and keeps running.'

It was the human limit.

The Tamo organization's headquarters was a four-story building.

Bullets rained down from the second and third floors, and Miro deflected them with abilities that bordered on miraculous.

'I'm starting to get the hang of this.'

She wasn't simply deflecting them - she was returning the bullets to counterattack the enemies.

"Damn it! What the hell is that?" Those who had pursued them from the harbor fired from behind, but couldn't penetrate Shirone's abilities.

Miro gained confidence.

"Great, oppa! Let's keep going like this!"

"These bastards...!"

Unable to contain his anger, one organization member pulled the pin from a grenade and threw it toward the ground.

"No!"

An executive shouted, but the grenade was already flying in an arc toward Miro.

"Yes!"

The Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara snapped it away, and the grenade that flew to the third floor exploded.

"Aaaah! So annoying!"

Arius, who had risen on two legs in his impregnable domain, grabbed his head and twisted his waist.

"What the hell is that bastard!" The mental attack was considerable too.

"Boss! At this rate we'll be annihilated!"

Tamo, looking down at the ground through the fourth-floor window, carefully observed the battle scene.

'They're using strange abilities.'

They were deflecting sonic-speed bullets and even seemed to be nullifying the force itself.

"Beautiful."

The subordinates who knew Tamo was asexual were surprised by the words that came from his mouth.

'The boss...'

According to rumors, when he was a mercenary, he had once been captured alive by enemy forces.

They had subjected Tamo to all kinds of torture, even removing his genitals.

Perhaps his cruel and superhuman combat abilities had manifested from that time.

"A hundred people entered the 1.5th floor, but they wouldn't all have the same program."

Ruber said:

"There would be differences in combat levels. And probably their leader Tamo has congenital analgesia."

Mong-A asked:

"You mean he can't feel pain?"

"Yes. That parameter would be applied. Whether it's congenital deformity or acquired through accident. In any case, what's important is that Tamo resembles Ymir."

Mong-A rested her chin on her hand.

"Hmm, the giant is genderless. Moreover, Ymir is so strong that he can't feel any resistance."

"He has no sense of life. What that state is like can be inferred through Ymir's magic. Though it's now extinct, he was said to be an incredibly greedy being."

"Desire deficiency."

Ruber nodded.

"Except for tremendously massive shocks, it's impossible to even sense the feeling of life. So he wanders in search of battlefields. With senses so neurotic that humans can't imagine."

Like animals mating.

"He's never wrong. That's why he can perfectly smell the scent of battle. And this is precisely..."

Why Tamo was the leader.

A subordinate asked:

"When you say beautiful, who are you referring to?"

Tamo's gaze turned toward Miro.

"Well."

Then he looked at Shirone again before returning to his position and beginning to arm himself.

"Everyone get out."

"Sir?"

"I'll handle this place, so go out and fight. It seems the merchant coalition is coming."

There was sufficient possibility of that, but when the subordinate looked out the window, only darkness was spread below.

"How do you know? They might have given up."

Tamo tapped his temple lightly.

"Intuition."

Miro stopped her incarnation technique.

"Huh?"

At some point the barrage had ceased and the organization members were exiting the building.

"Are they planning to surround us?"

Contrary to expectations, after leaving the building premises, they even took the forces from the harbor and departed.

Miro suddenly realized:

"Oh no! Dad!"

As she noticed the enemies' scheme and tried to turn around, gunfire erupted from the fourth floor.

Shirone defended, but the bullet impact occurred much farther away than that.

Miro gritted her teeth.

"Tamo."

Tamo, sitting on the window ledge with machine guns in both hands, looked down.

"Why so surprised? You came to kill me, didn't you?"

Miro shouted:

"You bastard! If you lay a finger on Dad and Aunt Kang Nan, I'll really kill you!"

"Heh, what sweet words."

Tamo, who had stuck his butt out from the fourth-floor ledge, fell from a height of over 10 meters and landed on both feet.

Shirone's group's expressions went blank.

"You..."

By common sense, a normal human would have rolled on the ground or broken their legs.

"Right, now do you feel like facing me properly?"

The machine guns were raised.

"Let's have some hot fun."

The moment he pulled the trigger, Miro's mind split time infinitely.

'Hmph! You're just shooting guns after all!'

As her afterimage hands deflected the bullets, thudding sounds came from Tamo's limbs as he rolled on the ground.

"Huh?"

From his movement without even feeling the impact, Shirone's group realized:

"That person..."

He couldn't feel pain.

"Bwahaha! Yes, this is it! This is exactly it!"

If his evasion had been even slightly late, his head would have been pierced, but that was precisely proof of being alive.

"I'll catch him."

Shirone imagined grabbing Tamo's right arm and activated his mind technique.

"Hm?"

When Tamo, sensing his speed slowing, turned around, his right shoulder was dislocated.

Even seeing his arm stretched like rubber, there was no change in his expression as he continued advancing.

"Ugh!"

The mind technique broke.

After rolling twice and crouching on the ground, Tamo stood up with a serious expression.

Grabbing his stretched shoulder and pushing it in with all his strength, a creepy cracking sound was heard.

"Hmm."

After rotating his shoulder in circles, he extended his hand and the machine gun on the ground flew to him by itself.

"H-how...?"

"Ah, so that's how it was."

The corners of Tamo's mouth curved up wickedly.

"So I can go this far, huh?"

As much as the 1.5th floor members had compromised, his combat program had been upgraded.

"Shall we play again?"

The machine gun spat fire, and before the gunshots could reach them, the Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara deflected the bullets.

"Ow!"

At the completely different level of power, Miro grimaced and stepped back a couple of paces.

It felt like being struck with a hammer.

"Dangerous!"

As Shirone pushed Miro and fell, Tamo simultaneously fired the machine gun wildly.

"Kahaha! This is killer!"

The bullet trajectories curved greatly and flew at Shirone simultaneously from front, back, left, and right.

'This is...'

It was the same level.

A battle broke out one kilometer away from the Tamo organization's headquarters.

"Fire! Don't retreat!"

It was the merchant coalition versus 70 organization members.

With only a 70-meter gap between them, bright dots like sparks were traveling back and forth.

"Damn! Those bastards!"

Guns seemed like weapons that didn't choose their users, but in reality the difference in experience was significant.

Kang Nan shouted:

"What should we do? The entry route is too narrow! Should we go around and enter through another path?"

Then Gaold launched his body forward.

'I can do it.'

Though memories of terrible pain were etched in his mind, he didn't hesitate.

'Pain and such...!'

Gritting his teeth and awakening, once again Ultima's eyes appeared in the night sky.

"Aaaah!"

Screaming as he fired the air gun wildly, the enemies' cover was miserably destroyed.

"Crazy! What kind of weapon is that?"

"Uuugh..."

It hurts.

With just one second of awakening, Gaold fell into shock, crouched in a ball.

"Gaold!"

Sein, grabbing Kang Nan who was about to rush out, gave orders to the merchant coalition.

"Cover fire!"

Bullets rained down, and Sein, who had launched himself to retrieve Gaold, gritted his teeth.

'Damn it! Why can't Kang Nan and I...'

Awaken?

"You don't want to break the compromise." Ruber said.

"It's not a lack of courage. The problem is, if it was a compromise that could be broken so easily, the 1.5th floor wouldn't have existed in this form from the beginning."

"But Mr. Gaold..." Ruber cut off Mong-A's words.

"Some things change with time, but others become more entrenched. Beliefs, obsessions, desires. Gaold is different from Master Oh Dae-seong or Miro. He doesn't understand this world - he just wants to break it."

For what he wants.

"But it must be tremendous pain. No human would want to experience such pain."

"Of course. For Gaold to accept that pain again is something that couldn't happen by common sense. But perhaps we've underestimated his desire."

"You mean Miss Miro."

"It can't be defined. A self-amplified heart, the desire to fulfill it. We can't imagine how enormous the Miro in his heart is."

Terrifying.

"Truly terrifying... human obsession." "Gaold! Get away quickly!"

Feeling the covering fire weakening, Sein grabbed Gaold's collar.

"Uuugh!"

Gaold's condition, with blood vessels writhing throughout his body, was beyond description.

"Aaaah!"

Gaold, shaking off Sein's hand, rushed toward where the enemies' gun barrels were.

"That idiot!" In his hazy consciousness, Gaold thought:

'What do I care?'

He didn't recall the memory of pain that still lived vividly in his mind.

'Nothing happened.'

It doesn't hurt.

'Of course it will hurt again...'

His body, already sensing the future, screamed out, but Gaold stepped forward again.

Into the realm of terrible pain.

'I'll save you.'

Sein's voice calling him faded away wistfully, and dozens of gun barrels came into view.

Gaold smiled broadly.

"Wow, pain."

Air Press.

The scenery vibrated briefly, then all the Tamo organization members were crushed flat to the ground.

Miro, who had thrust the Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara's twin palms into Tamo's chest, grimaced.

'Incredibly hard.'

It felt like hitting steel, and Tamo, pushed back several meters, stood up with the machine gun hooked on his finger.

"Good, good. So I can go this far, right?"

"He got stronger..."

Tamo's tongue hung out long.

"I can't even feel it. Did you think you could kill me with something this pathetic?"

"Kyaaaaa!"

Gaold, collapsed on the ground, shed tears of blood with all his limbs twisted.

"Gaold! Get it together! Gaold!" Sein shouted, but just looking at his face showed he couldn't hear anything.

Only pain.

"Aaaah! Aaaaah!"

Countless eyes were watching Gaold.