[637] The Final Gateway (3)

Electricity could also illuminate the darkness, but even that was nothing but darkness before Shirone's light.

Ned could not withstand that holiness that embraced the entire world.

Shirone's presence, layered countless times over, was a kind of fear that Ned in his state of magical assimilation was experiencing for the first time.

As that fear intertwined with rage, his magical power reached yet another new record.

"Uaaaah!"

The 2000th system overloaded and the colosseum's lights flickered.

As it had grown dark, anxiety was further amplified, and those with sensitive nerves trembled in fear, sensing an impending major accident.

"What an absurd graduation exam."

If it were just one of them - either Ned or Shirone - the 2000th system made with the kingdom's finest technology wouldn't have gone down completely.

But now both were recording numbers that transcended common sense, and no one could guess whether the system would be able to calculate when they collided.

'You don't know, Shirone.'

Shirone, who had no roots from the beginning, doesn't know what it means to have rotten roots.

That contradictory pain of being unable to cut them out, yet unable to leave them be.

"You don't know!"

Lightning spread in all directions, flying in curves to concentrate and strike Shirone.

"Krrgh!"

Dozens of Shirines per second began collapsing from electrocution.

But the Void's events bubbled like foam, sustaining the fractal's limits indefinitely.

'Live! I'm going to live, Ned!'

The 2000th bracelet was on the verge of destruction, but he didn't hesitate.

Quantum Fluctuation.

Photon Cannon.

Just the incoming mass wave converted Void's impact into anti-magic, striking Ned's mind.

'My rage won't be extinguished by this much!'

If it were rage that could be extinguished from the start, wouldn't his life of clinging only to that be too miserable?

Magical Assimilation.

Thunder God Reincarnation.

"Kraaaah!"

Without needing to control his endlessly surging magical power, Ned simply poured out all his strength, and the thunder god's form twisted into tens of thousands of strands reaching toward Shirone.

Warning! Warning! System overload. 2000th system shutting down. Time remaining 10 seconds. 9 seconds...

"Damn it!"

As energies of different attributes crossed, half the audience jumped to their feet, and even the analysts shut down the main system, preparing for any emergency.

'Look closely! At my rage! At me becoming a monster!'

Ned's inner cry seemed audible.

'Ned, I know how hard it's been.'

Rage grows by devouring human hope, so once caught by it, one loses sight of what's truly important.

'But... you're almost there now.'

At least Ned hadn't given up.

He had been holding onto that rope, relying on the vague light that someday he might be able to fly freely, waiting for parents who would never return.

'Now you have us! So...!'

Quantum Fluctuation restored the events lost to Thunder God Reincarnation, growing the flash to the same size as the beginning.

"Live! Ned!"

The moment the flash descended as if nothing could block it, Ned opened his mouth with wondrous eyes.

"Ah..."

The sacred light began pushing back the rage of magical assimilation.

'Ah, Shirone.'

Tears of blood turned into clear liquid.

'You are beautiful.'

So... brilliant.

'So I... want to be friends with you...'

A massive light flashed and expanded, completely erasing Ned's form.

After a long silence, as if the world had just been born, everyone in the colosseum slowly opened their eyes.

The long race of light made everything feel like a dream, and as if that might be true, the 2000th system had gone down.

Naturally no announcement was heard, and people finally came to their senses and looked around the battlefield.

"Th-there!"

Ned collapsed spread-eagle in the center of the colosseum, and Shirone in the distance watching him while gasping for breath.

Realizing the graduation exam was over, something hot surged in people's hearts.

"Woaaaah!"

Everyone shouted and jumped up, and standing ovations swept through the colosseum like waves.

"Shirone! Shirone! Shirone!"

In the chanting that spread throughout Creas city, Ned's name wasn't heard even once.

'So this is how it is...'

Even if you shed tears of blood and suffer, even if you cry out like a monster about your hard life, no one in the world cares.

Fight to the end! Keep struggling to the end!

Had Shirone known this?

Was that why he shouted so desperately despite knowing the hopeless situation?

"Ned."

Shirone, who had been kneeling, suddenly raised his head.

He didn't know exactly when the 2000th system had gone down, and the anti-magic shock must have been tremendous.

"Ned!"

With no strength left in his body, Shirone couldn't stand and crawled toward Ned, flailing his limbs.

"I'm sorry... I'm sorry, Ned."

As his thoughts that had focused only on the graduation exam cleared, emotions finally flooded in.

As he sobbed and shed tears, Ned's lungs moved.

"Kk, kkkk."

As Shirone made a dazed expression, Ned sat up with a self-deprecating face.

"What, I still lost after all that?"

Having poured out everything from magical assimilation while turning away from friends, family, even his own life.

Having thought he could destroy anything in the world if he put his mind to it, the current situation of being blocked by the wall called Shirone was simply absurd and embarrassing.

"Ned, are you okay?"

Ned looked at Shirone's sniffling face then turned his gaze away.

'What right do I have...'

It wasn't as if he had revealed his true face without being prepared to discard even the business card of friendship.

The 2000th system restarted and finally the announcement was heard.

West Ned. Final graduation ranking confirmed as second place.

The audience's voices disappeared all at once.

Alpheas Magic School graduation exam first place, Arian Shirone. Transmitting data of all 30 participants to Red Line.

"Honey, our son..."

Vincent and Olina stared blankly, having even exhausted the energy to be surprised.

Since it was the most intense graduation exam in the kingdom's history, it took a long time for the audience's emotions to swell.

"Rian, did you hear? Did you just hear?"

As Reina, who had been patting her brother's shoulder, sensed something unusual and turned her head, Rian was trembling with clenched fists.

He was a young boy.

Cunning enough to decisively tattle when hiding in the library to avoid sword instructor Kite, exceptional enough to succeed at sword energy with a wooden sword he'd never held before, and upright enough to defeat him in real sword combat.

"You must take responsibility for what you're responsible for."

Was there anything that better represented his character than these words?

"But you don't need to take responsibility for things you shouldn't be responsible for."

"I have no regrets about what my heart chose."

"Even if I die, I won't regret becoming friends with you."

Because that boy was Shirone.

"Shiroooone!"

Rian shouted with all his might.

"Let's go out! Into the world!"

As Rian's voice echoed throughout the colosseum, all the spectators stood up and applauded.

"You're the best! Pride of the Tormia Kingdom!"

"You'll definitely become an archmage!"

It was so loud that even words right next to you couldn't be heard, and Miro and Foltar, who had embraced each other despite being strangers, jumped up and down forgetting their embarrassment.

"Kyaa! First place! Shirone got first place!"

"I told you! I knew he'd do it! My eye for talent never fails! Ah, wait!"

Foltar, who had been celebrating as if it were his own achievement, rummaged through his bag and hurriedly recorded his impressions in a notebook.

Meanwhile, Miro's face grew a little sad as she watched Shirone shyly greeting the crowd, still unaccustomed to praise.

'You're ready.'

Just because it was the 2000th system didn't mean you could fight more leisurely than in real combat, but there was definitely a gap between virtual and reality.

If all the magic that appeared in the graduation exam had collided in reality, today would have had a different result.

But since everyone had fought under the same conditions, there was no more verified method than this, and this was exactly why Miro felt sad.

'Shirone, as of today you've become the kingdom's top student. But because of that, you'll have to shoulder even greater responsibility.'

The world Shirone would have to fight was an actual hellscape incomparably more brutal than the graduation exam.

'Congratulations. And I'm sorry.'

As one of the people who had helped Shirone grow, she could already picture what he would have to go through.

'It will be hell. You won't want to endure it. You'll shed tears of blood, Shirone.'

Even without bringing up the duties of the strong, humanity would eventually stand at the crossroads of destruction, and Shirone too would have to lead everyone as part of the whole.

'So enjoy today to the fullest. Because it's your day.'

Just as Miro finally smiled and turned around, a bald middle-aged man approached.

"There you are, Miro. I didn't recognize you with the hood."

It was Enrique, Fermi's father.

"Oh, so you did come since it's your son after all?"

"The atmosphere was a bit different this time. But he failed."

"Too bad. Did you meet with Fermi?"

"He left without saying anything. I don't know if he'll try again next year, or maybe he'll quit school."

Fermi was also an asset Miro couldn't discard.

"Don't worry. He never makes losing decisions. Though that makes him more annoying."

If he was Olga's son, there would be no problem trusting him.

"Hmm, Miro. I've heard that name somewhere...! Wait, Miro!"

Foltar's eyes widened as he shouted.

He didn't know about the Twenty Judges, but he couldn't forget the name of someone with such a renowned reputation as the world's greatest talent.

As Foltar trembled from cognitive dissonance at seeing Miro puff her cheeks and point her finger, she put her arm around his shoulder.

"I'm in a great mood, so let's go have a drink. Of course, you're buying."

"...Are you really Miro? You don't seem to have aged at all. What have you been doing all this time?"

"Hohoho! You'd faint from shock if you heard! Enrique, what are you doing? Let's go."

Enrique, who was following while shaking his head, asked.

"But aren't you going to meet Shirone?"

"No, it's fine."

Walking toward the colosseum exit, Miro looked back.

"We'll meet at a higher place."

Amid the unceasing applause, Shirone extended his hand to Ned.

"Ned, can you stand up?"

Ned clicked his tongue and turned his head.

"Forget it. Don't think of me as a friend. I don't deserve it."

"That's not..."

Just as Shirone was about to argue with a frown.

"You! You need to explain yourself properly!"

Iruki ran over and smacked Ned on the head.

"Ow! Why'd you hit me!"

Ned turned his head and Iruki's finger shot right in front of his eyes.

"Why did you only attack me twice! You did it on purpose, didn't you?"

After blinking for a moment, Ned scowled.

"I don't know! Maybe your face called for a punch! I'm already in a bad mood, so stop butting in."

Iruki narrowed his eyes.

"What's there to be in a bad mood about? You got second place despite saying you didn't care."

Thinking he should stop talking, Ned looked back at Shirone.

"Anyway, don't forgive me. I'm leaving the Three Musketeers as of today."

This time Shirone smacked his head.

"Ow! Why, seriously!"

"Because you're frustrating! Not fighting doesn't make you friends! Being able to make up even after fighting makes you friends! Don't you have even that much trust?"

Ned, who had been glaring with gritted teeth, lowered his head with a sad expression.

"It's just, I can't forgive myself. I don't know why I did that."

"Taking life seriously is important, but..."

Iruki placed his hand on Ned's shoulder.

"You don't need to live gravely, right? Everything ended well. Just brush it off and let's go."

Did he really have the right to do that?

As he questioned himself, Shirone extended his hand again with a smile.

"Let's go eat, Ned."