[797] Complex (2)

Pony narrowed her eyes and asked back.

"What do you mean, someone who's become strange?"

"The terrorist might be mixed in among them."

Pony also knew what ability the terrorist's irregular meal was based on.

"Is that possible? There weren't enough gaps to attempt something like that. The security was really tight."

Though Pony was by no means weak, the terrorist's skills far exceeded her expectations.

"It's possible they changed after arriving at the venue. Don't you notice anything suspicious?"

Pony looked back at the door.

"If we're talking about suspicious things, there are too many to count. Everyone was shocked after what happened yesterday. Some people are trying to act cheerful, and others are the opposite..."

It was only natural.

"If they swapped faces, they wouldn't be able to speak. Their eyes would be a bit hazy too."

If the hostage captured by the terrorist was in a normal state, they would have screamed in terror the moment their body was switched.

"There is someone who's been unusually quiet since this morning."

"Who?"

Pony searched her memory.

"People who haven't said a single word from 9 AM until now - there are three. Miss Biden, Miss Namalmond, and Miss Yakma."

"Hmm, three people."

"Why don't we just compare heights? Even if the face changed, the body is still the terrorist's. How precisely can you tell with your eyes?"

"Plus or minus 0.3 centimeters. But the terrorist was covering their face, so I couldn't determine their exact height."

"So we have to find them directly. How about I call them out one by one?"

Shirone shook his head.

"It's dangerous. The woman being held hostage could get hurt, and if they become desperate and commit random terrorism..."

"Then what will you do?"

"Face swapping is delicate work. There must be a Hidden Piece hidden nearby. Keep watch over the participants' movements while I search."

"Got it. I'll go in now. If I take too long, they'll get suspicious."

As Shirone ran down the corridor, Pony composed her expression and opened the waiting room door.

The participants tilted their heads curiously.

"Huh? Where's Shirone?"

"I told him to wait outside and sent him away."

"Why? He really could have stayed with us."

"Hmph, I'll pass. I might not mind with other people, but I absolutely won't change clothes in front of a classmate."

Making such excuses, she took out her swimsuit and changed. The other participants didn't suspect anything.

'Will I be able to make it in time?'

It was five minutes before the competition started.

'An ability that divides space within a radius into specific numbers. It must be inside the building.'

Shirone thought it was within a 100-meter radius.

'It would be nice if I could use Quantum Superposition.'

Just as you cannot unsee what you've seen, it was impossible to lower evolved senses from resonance back to entry level.

'Then...'

This was a completely different world, and in Shirone's world, human will could change the future.

'Time Vibration!'

Shirone vibrated one second and explored all the rooms around him during the repeating time segment.

'Not here! Not here either!'

It was an endless second.

After going through the entire building like this, when he arrived at the waiting room, the participants had already left for the venue.

'No. It can't be absent.'

It was one of two possibilities.

'Either it's really not there, or the target is also moving.'

But if the target was moving quickly, there was no way it wouldn't be caught by Spirit Zone.

'Damn!'

At the sound of cheers coming from outside the venue, Shirone finally went outside the building.

"..."

Twenty seconds later, the air where Shirone had been hardened into diamond, taking human form.

'Diamond Immovable Mind.'

With a thud, powder scattered and Hyega appeared, holding a hostage with one arm.

'As long as I think of nothing, Spirit Zone cannot sense me.'

An ability that manifested phenomenal nothingness.

Though Hyega also couldn't move, there was no way to find him while in the Diamond Immovable Mind state.

'Master, is this really the right thing to do?'

As long as he belonged to the Eternal Life Community, he had no choice but to follow orders, but taking hostages was not the work of a Buddhist.

'What meaning is there in a path that has lost its purpose?'

The hostage wearing Mortasinger's face covered with cloth writhed as if awakening from hypnotic magic.

"Sleep a little longer."

When Hyega placed his hand on her solar plexus and murmured, the woman's convulsions disappeared as if by magic.

"Wow, quite a lot of people came?"

Though definitely fewer than yesterday, over 100 people filled the front of the spectator seats.

Rangi said.

"I heard the Arachne government specially dispatched troops for the competition. Plus, the swimsuit judging is the highlight of the contest."

The opportunity to see the world's most beautiful women in swimsuits was not common in one's lifetime.

"Miss Arachne! This is Barho Rangi!"

The audience gathered today were worth a hundred each, and when Rangi walked out, passionate cheers erupted.

"Wow! She's really the best! Rangi!"

Rangi's body, cultivated for a year for this day, was so beautiful it seemed unreal.

"Now we'll have a Q&A session. What's your reason for participating in the World Beauty Contest?"

"I've been interested in world peace since I was young. The marginalized people in this society, and..."

Since the audience was more focused with their eyes than ears anyway, Rangi gave a standard answer.

'Pony! What's the situation?'

Shirone, who had come out to the spectator seats, sent a look to Pony, but she shook her head.

'I don't know. Are they really here?'

The killing intent was real.

"Miss Biden! This is Maroni Adelka!"

Pony subtly gestured with her chin.

'Watch her. She's a prime suspect.'

The cheerful and lighthearted girl who had readily spoken to Pony hadn't said a word since the terrorist incident.

"You look really wonderful today. What's your favorite food, Miss Adelka? And what's the reason?"

Still standing with a dark expression, she opened her mouth while shedding tears.

"I want to... go home."

"Excuse me? Miss Adelka?"

"I'm so scared. I don't want to die. The terrorism was scary, just please send me home."

When the competition staff signaled to cut away, the host immediately changed the subject.

"Miss Biden seems very nervous. Let's bring out the next participant."

Watching Adelka return to her seat crying, Shirone's mind became complicated.

'It's not Biden. Then who?'

With the suspects narrowed down to two, Miss Yakma stepped onto the platform.

"Now, the question..."

Before the host could even begin speaking, she brought both hands to her face and raised her nails.

'That's her!'

Tremendous killing intent arose as her nails violently clawed at her face.

"Kyaaaah! It hurts! It hurts!"

Miss Yakma, having regained consciousness, realized that a different person's face was attached to her body and screamed.

The audience jumped to their feet, and as the irregular meal Hidden Piece activated, space became jumbled.

'Now!'

Shirone, who had been waiting in advance, used time sense to vibrate one second.

'I have to kill!'

As Shirone launched his body the moment he returned to just before the face clawing.

'What...!'

Even faster than that, Mortasinger's two hands crushed Miss Yakma's skull.

'Just one second?'

Mortasinger's face, hidden in Hyega's Diamond Immovable Mind, smiled faintly.

'Damn! Again!'

Seeing the result, he returned one second back, but this time too, Miss Yakma's face was destroyed without fail.

'He did it on purpose.'

Knowing that he would vibrate one second, Mortasinger created the initial event that filled that entire second.

Having pushed away the perceived time zone, no matter how much he vibrated that one second, the event of killing Miss Yakma wouldn't change.

'What will you do now? Even if you kill me, you can't save the hostage. And if you can't kill me...'

He would kill everyone in the venue.

'One person's life versus everyone's life. Neither can be weighed on scales, Yahweh. You can do nothing.'

Realizing the strategy Mortasinger had devised during the night, Shirone stopped Time Vibration.

"Damn."

The sight of Mortasinger standing upright with her face blown apart was ominous beyond measure.

"Ahhh! Save me! It's terrorism!"

Pony immediately cast magic, but as Hidden Piece activated, the ground and sky reversed.

"Save..."

Kuuuuuuuung!

When the ability was released in that state, people were buried underground and their screams were cut off as if severed.

"Lord Mortasinger."

Hyega revealed himself, and Mortasinger's cloth-covered face returned to the faceless body.

"Kekekeke! Kekekekeke!"

As the Parrot Mercenary Corps, who had escaped the irregular meal's radius, quickly approached, Bolidharma blocked their path.

"Diamond Palm!"

When Bolidharma extended his hand, air compressed in the form of a giant palm, stopping the advance.

Mortasinger pointed at Shirone.

"How about it, isn't it certain? Whether it's Yahweh or whatever, this is what happens when you touch the Ten Lords Council."

"..."

Shirone's eyes were cold.

"I will never forgive you."

"Really? Be my guest. But even Yahweh can't bring back the dead. I won!"

"Ataraxia."

A massive halo exploded like thunder, gathering colorful information.

"Hohoho! Kill me! Even so, I won! All the pretty things in the world are dead!"

"...Six-Shot System."

Though it was magic with unpredictable results, the enraged Shirone penetrated the amplification magic circle without hesitation.

"Kruuuu!"

Time sense expanded tremendously, and the one unique time existing in the universe paralyzed his nine senses.

"Uaaaaah!"

And he vibrated that with Time Vibration.

'I can endure it!'

The timeline shook with an amplitude of plus or minus 30 minutes, and events began flowing in reverse.

30 minutes earlier.

"Huff! Huff!"

At the building entrance of the venue, Shirone exhaled roughly while gripping the ground.

'So this is how it works.'

Whether one second or one hour, Time Vibration could be said to be a phenomenon that resets local time zones.

'If I could bounce it back to the beginning of time...'

Reset.

It was an administrator's unique privilege possible only for beings with 10th-stage Mu-tae senses.

'Even with Six-Shot System, at most one hour.'

He still had no idea how to perfectly reset time.

'First, I need to save the people.'

Time is space.

Though he couldn't cover all space, with one hour of resonance, he should be able to save the people at the venue.

'The culprit is Miss Yakma.'

If he killed the terrorist, he could prevent the massacre, but he couldn't save the hostage she had captured.

'A one-armed monk was holding her. Based on the ability, it's not target movement but non-existence.'

Still, nothing was caught by Spirit Zone.

'First, let me probe and see the reaction.'

Since this was now the first vibration, Shirone approached the waiting room door with a relaxed mind.

"I'm coming in."

Knowing it was already open, when Shirone roughly opened the door, the participants set off firecrackers.

"Surprise!"

Pop-pop sounds burst and paper scraps fluttered, but Shirone didn't even blink.

"Were you surprised? This is the welcome ceremony we prepared! Come in quickly!"

Following along as they pulled his wrist, Shirone's eyes caught sight of Miss Yakma's indifferent face.