Face-to-Face (1)

"It cuts so cleanly."

Even as blood gushed from her throat, Yujing just stared at Vulcan.

"I...!"

Air hissed through the hole in her windpipe, making her voice inaudible.

"What are you saying?"

Vulcan frowned, but even his rational mind couldn't doubt this situation.

Havitz's eyes sank into the abyss.

"If you want to go to hell, I'll send you there."

Yujing was still spewing words driven by emotion, but no sound came from beyond her moving lips.

And at some moment.

'What?'

Her wild instincts caught something wrong.

'Something feels off.'

The situation was no different from moments before, yet an ominous feeling filled her mind completely.

'This is definitely...'

The smell of death.

'I'm dying right now.'

But how?

The enemies were still far away, and there was nothing around that could harm her.

"As if you'd know."

Havitz leaned his face in mockingly.

"You're just a monkey after all."

"Who's a monkey?"

Yujing slowly turned her head and locked eyes directly with Havitz.

Golden irises were shining in her eyes.

'Golden Eyes.'

Fire Eyes and Golden Sight.

Following the bloodline of Sun Wukong, these were the eyes of truth that could see through all things in the world.

Havitz, meeting Yujing's gaze, muttered.

"Do you see ghosts?"

"In my body..."

As Idea's signal reconnected to Yujing, her throat stopped being cut.

"What are you doing!"

As she spun like a whirlwind and swung her staff, red afterimages struck Havitz's temple.

KWAAAAAAANG!

As the shockwave spread and a powerful storm arose, Vulcan snapped to attention.

"Havitz!"

As the smoke rising from the ground cleared, Yujing emerged clutching her throat.

"You're being annoying."

More infuriating than the wound was that she felt absolutely nothing when her staff made contact.

"Phew!"

As her vision cleared completely, she could see Havitz standing awkwardly behind her.

Around him, twelve shadow-like black traces formed a circle.

Vulcan breathed a sigh of relief.

'She can't break through Shigoku.'

But the mere fact that she could perceive Havitz made Son Yujing a sufficiently threatening existence.

"You use strange sorcery."

Yujing, bleeding between her fingers, looked back and forth between hell's army and Havitz.

'Damn archangel.'

No wonder Ikael had sent her to Satan so readily.

'She would have come even if blocked anyway.'

Havitz sniffled as he approached.

"Why resist? Didn't you say you wanted to meet a friend? If you die, you can go to hell."

"Hmph! Why would I die? I'm going to beat you up and bring back Mortasing."

Havitz raised his index and middle fingers.

"There are two ways."

Hell's army stirred.

'Havitz is negotiating...?'

Revealing Satan's nature meant the Fire Eyes and Golden Sight were that threatening.

"Contract and sin. If you make a contract with Satan, you can go to hell in your living body."

That was Mortasing's case.

"And sin is following my path. If you truly desire it, I'll take you to hell."

Though Yujing disliked difficult talk, there was a flaw in Havitz's words.

"If you can take me there, why not just take me? Why would I need to trust you?"

Vulcan had the same thought.

'I've never particularly cared about the other world, but I can't ignore it anymore.'

This was no longer just a human war.

"What do you think hell is?"

Yujing had no answer.

"A place where evil people go? A place where all the world's evil flows and suffers eternally?"

Havitz's lips curved upward.

"Nonsense."

Good and evil were concepts created by humans.

"That's not what God wants. Well, such things don't even concern God."

Vulcan asked.

"Then what does God want?"

"A perfect world."

Havitz's purple avatar rose like wildfire.

"That's why God created me."

As Yujing leaped up and stepped back, twelve black shadows bloomed where she had been.

"Shigoku."

The world turned gray...

'Time has stopped.'

Twelve priests in black robes rose from the ground and sang a funeral song.

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

It was music grand enough to shake the world, but only Yujing could hear it.

"Urgh!"

As the ground sank like a swamp, her body began slowly sinking downward.

"I'll send you to hell."

She struck in all directions with her staff, but trapped in Shigoku, it was beyond her power.

"What is this! This isn't what we agreed on!"

She thought this corresponded to neither the contract nor sin that Havitz had proposed.

"That's what I told you."

Havitz said as he walked through the gray landscape.

"You yourself are evil."

Because you harm God's perfection.

"Uaaaahhh!"

Yujing, her golden eyes blazing, was submerged past her torso up to below her chin.

Somewhere in Omega.

'This place is...'

Countless years had passed since the Gaians resolved to transcend infinity.

Most of those who had joined forces at the time had died of old age, and now only one remained...

'Hell.'

Only McClain Guffin.

"Ah, it's hot."

In the scorching hell filled with flames on all sides, Guffin sat cross-legged enduring the pain.

"When will I be able to get out?"

A voice came from the flame-covered ceiling.

"Time remaining until purification: 664 quintillion 3,943 quadrillion 30 billion 23 million 68 hours remaining."

This was by photon world standards.

"I see."

Shirone watched Guffin with a bitter expression.

'Even when all this process passes, it's as if almost no time flows in reality.'

0.666 seconds not in the law.

'In the end, the prison of time...'

Was a gap absolutely necessary to maintain this world's signals normally.

'It was never a law for us from the beginning.'

The world Shirone lived in was implemented by combining specific signals with quantum signals called mind.

And hell was merely an information dump processing those quantum signals.

'Because 0.666 seconds exists, outside signals are transmitted stably, and because hell exists, minds don't run wild.'

The world is perfect.

'Is someone laughing?'

A chilling question crossed Shirone's mind.

'Is the person who created this world feeling pleased watching this hell?'

Look, I made this.

"That's something we can't know."

Guffin muttered, but to Shirone it seemed as if he was speaking to him.

But according to Omega's records, it was just a coincidence that they had the same thought.

"That's why I'm going to see."

It would be quite a boring time though.

"Kiiaaaah!"

Hungry ghosts with heads blown off above their noses stretched long arms as they crawled up the cliff.

"Eat! Eat!"

Residents of the other world inflict pain-based acts on those who enter hell.

'They have that nature.'

The mind used in reality becomes drimo, while emotions flow into the other world and are broken down into pure states.

'For information recycling.'

It was that kind of system from the beginning.

"Not bad."

As Guffin stood up, sparks dripped from his golden-forged hair.

"We'll eat you!"

As the hungry ghosts launched themselves, Yahweh's radiance flashed from Guffin's body.

"Kraaaaaaah!"

The bodies of the hungry ghosts wrapped in light decomposed into powder, extinguishing even the flames completely.

Shirone was amazed.

'The infinite mage.'

Even before the concept of magic was established, Gaians knew how to dominate phenomena.

But only Guffin had reached Yahweh's realm through eternal reincarnation.

"I've become special."

Heresy.

Any phenomenon that breaks this world's balance could be dragged to hell.

Remembering comrades who had already turned their backs on the world, Guffin willingly surrendered his body to pain.

"I will lead."

This was the first step of Guffin, who would later face Ankera as the representative of the Gaians.

Yujing, being dragged to hell, bared her teeth and began thrashing.

"Kiiaaah! Kiiaaahhh!"

The fierce monkey's roar was buried in Shigoku's funeral song, but amazingly, her upper body was pulling back out.

"Ho."

Havitz's pupils trembled slightly.

'She's getting out?'

Once you enter hell, you cannot return by any means until the purification time ends.

Yujing instinctively knew this fact, which is why she was resisting with all her might.

"You bastard! I'll kill you! Do you know who I am!"

Sun Wukong's great-granddaughter.

As her golden eyes blazed with light and Yujing's body began glowing red.

"If I put my mind to it, I can even beat Buddha, you stone monkey!"

Though she had realized her avatar and risen to the realm of life, her Idea was actually mineral.

It couldn't be destroyed by any physical force, and there was no limit to the energy it could emit.

"Kiiaaaaaaah!"

The object 'Yeoui' inherited from previous generations stretched horizontally across the boundary between reality and hell.

'Move! Move!'

As her body blazed white, Shigoku's funeral song rang out even more grandly.

"Just...!"

Suddenly the ground shook, and Yujing opened her jaw to the limit and screamed.

"Shut uuuuuup!"

As her staff spun between reality and the other world, the ground surged like a tsunami.

"Wh-what?"

The cathedral buildings shook.

In the command room reviewing strategy, Iruki looked up at the ceiling with a startled expression.

"It's cracking! Please evacuate!"

As Aromi shouted to Iruki, the door opened and a messenger entered.

"Commander! Urgent report!"

"What is it?"

They had thought they could annihilate the demons within 48 hours.

Whether good or bad news, the mere fact that variables had arisen made his heart churn.

"The National Defense Department detected a strong earthquake. The epicenter is the Abyss Cliff, magnitude 12.4."

"What!"

Iruki slammed the table as he stood.

"What are you talking about? The Abyss Cliff isn't a mountain range... no, that's not the problem."

Magnitude 12.4?

Iruki's mind pictured what would happen with an earthquake of that magnitude.

'That's enough to split the earth.'

At first he thought geologically, but now he hoped it was just nature's mischief.

'Yes, a natural disaster. It's nonsense that some willful being could produce such power.'

It was destruction impossible for anyone in Iruki's analysis of world power.

"Commander."

Checking Aromi's eyes, Iruki came to his senses and bit his lip.

'Right, exactly.'

There was no way it could be a natural disaster.

'The ominous feeling that had been clinging to my mind - it's become reality.'

The commander asked.

"Commander, what should we do now?"

"First, the damage scale at the Abyss Cliff..."

Iruki cut himself off and shook his head.

Without needing to check, it had already collapsed enough to make demon movement impossible.

'But we have no choice but to push forward.'

Having lost the optimal position to detonate the elemental bomb, Iruki looked around the world map.

"The second location to execute the operation is..."

Iruki's fingertip trembled terribly as he pointed somewhere with his baton.

"Tormia's capital, Bashka."

It was a major city where more than half the kingdom's population resided.