[765] Lord of Destruction (4)

"I heard about it."

Since the number of people Uorin had met transcended ordinary bounds, Gando didn't bother asking who it was from.

"Humans have five senses."

Uorin drew on the table with both index fingers.

"Think of it like a card game. You combine five cards to define various rules. Of course, depending on the creature, the number of cards differs, and which cards they possess also varies."

"The rules they define would also be different."

"Right. The problem begins here. Defining rules means you're starting a game."

Uorin tapped her head.

"From the moment you start the game, the patterns of combinations accumulate endlessly. Then you realize something. Beyond the five cards you hold, there's one more card you cannot possess."

Time.

"The experiences received by the five senses are integrated into one sensation—synesthesia—and stored in memory. The speed at which this synesthesia accumulates is what we call time."

Time is also felt through the five senses.

"But sometimes you feel time differently. When you think something might happen, and it actually does."

"The accumulation time of the senses has changed."

Uorin nodded.

"We already exist in all time periods. It's just that as beings of the five senses, we only perceive as reality the moments when synesthesia accumulates. But some beings accumulate senses faster than humans."

Angels were a prime example.

"Compared to human present, an angel's present is much larger. From our perspective, it's as if reality's time has exploded and expanded."

The sixth sense that living beings can reach.

"This is called temporal amplitude. Sirone, who possesses the incarnation of the Archangel of Light, feels a present larger than what we perceive."

"...Not very human-like."

"Thus Sirone gained a new card."

The rules change.

"Senses are as precise as objects. Sirone, who feels time as a sense, can perceive all spaces existing in the same time and has awakened to a new world."

Gando looked back toward the window.

"The spirit realm."

"Even humans can sometimes feel it if they're sensitive. Like someone being nearby, or strange eyes seen through door cracks... Though of course, not at the level of Bakji."

"What's imprecise isn't a sense."

Uorin was satisfied.

"From temporal amplitude to Bakji, and upon reaching Cho Eni Bardo, even the seventh sense was perfectly integrated. At this point, Sirone began to sense the mind like an object."

Uorin spread both arms.

"What remained was expandability. Sirone, who opened the Immortal Function, entered the eighth sense by opening the sensation of super-cognition. She became able to sense all information in the world."

"She almost couldn't return."

"If not for Yahweh's mind backing her up. But she eventually became the Infinite Wizard."

"Is there more?"

"String."

Uorin raised her index finger.

"Temporal amplitude senses photons, Bakji senses quantum. Ipdo senses photon-quantum."

In order, she conquered spacetime, non-substance, and information.

"Information is signals containing unique individuality. Then how are those signals created?"

Her index finger curved.

"Specific forms. All information in this world consists of infinite combinations of forms created by vibration."

Form is everything.

"Simply defined, all events occurring in this vast universe happen just once."

Uorin hooked her curved index finger on her thumb and flicked it.

"They're events caused by the action of some force."

"Just once..."

"Right. To express it in the simplest terms, someone was walking and saw a tightly stretched string. So they just flicked it. That's the end."

Gando tightly shut his mouth.

"I don't know how strongly it was flicked. Depending on that intensity, the universe's results would split infinitely, but anyway the string vibrated, and through the probability created by that amplitude, time, space, substance and non-substance, all information combined in specific forms to create this world we live in."

Uorin looked up at the ceiling.

"Within the amplitude of a single vibrating string, we live depending on that force. It will stop someday, but that's a distant day so far away that even I, who have lived eons, cannot imagine. Far from stopping, we don't even know when the amplitude will begin to decrease. Of course, by then this universe would have to end as well."

It was a scale even Gando couldn't imagine.

"Only vibration is the whole. In the process of endlessly repeating extremes, all information vibrates."

"Then resonance is..."

"Right."

Uorin turned to Gando.

"The world that one who has realized super-cognition can explore is no longer fixed. It's simply a world endlessly surging from a single force. And for the eight senses to combine with String..."

Unfolding her fan, she solemnly intoned:

"It means being able to resonate with the world's vibration."

"..."

Though he didn't understand everything, Gando bowed his head in inexplicable awe.

"Graaaah!"

Marduk, who had been strangling Sirone's neck with both hands, frowned at the rough vibration.

"What the hell are you?"

What was truly frightening wasn't the vibration itself, but the countless vibrations felt through that transmission.

It was as if the entire world was shaking along with Sirone's vibration, and Marduk's vision shook terrifyingly up and down.

"Detestable Yahweh!"

When he twisted Sirone's neck hard, the afterimages of Sirone created by the vibration each began to suffer with different expressions.

"Uuuugh!"

What Marduk realized through those expressions was that the number of afterimages exceeded ten thousand.

"What is this supposed to be!"

He wanted to break the neck right now, but Yahweh's light was offsetting the demonic energy.

"Die! Die! Die!"

As his thick arm muscles swelled to the point of exploding, Sirone's vibration intensified further.

It seemed like there were easily 100,000 Sirones, and screams leaked out from the overlapping of all kinds of expressions.

It was a sound that couldn't be heard even in hell.

"Huuuugh."

Before that cosmic phenomenon, Marduk felt fear of the unknown for the first time in his life.

Sirone shedding tears of blood, Sirone screaming, Sirone crying out to be saved.

"...Are you mocking me?"

Among those afterimages, he saw Sirone laughing and sticking out her tongue, Sirone in ecstasy, Sirone bursting into laughter.

"How dare you mock a Legion Commander!"

Just as Marduk drew up the energy of destruction and prepared to burn his life force to put strength in his hands:

'The afterimages are disappearing.'

More precisely, they were resonating with identical reactions.

Tens of thousands of Sirones became thousands, then hundreds, finally dozens.

"Uuuuugh!"

Gritting her teeth and enduring the pain, identically expressed Sirones were simply shaking rapidly back and forth.

'No, they're not shaking.'

If one person shook at this speed, the brain would have already turned to mush inside the skull.

'Tremendously many events.'

It was the process of 100,000 Sirones overlapped in quantum superposition combining into one piece of information.

"Huuugh."

As the gradually decreasing afterimages went from 5 to 3, finally integrating into one Sirone:

"Still doing that?"

The debt of Valhalla Action disappeared.

"We die together! Yahweh!"

Just as Marduk chose mutual destruction by exploding his magic power, Sirone's eyes snapped open.

'Resonance!'

The integrated Sirone spread Yahweh's light across the 40-kilometer diameter Spirit Zone.

"Kraaaah!"

The demons, now only infected ones, screamed desperately as they scattered into ash.

"So warm..."

Minerva, sitting with her eyes gently closed while holding her pipe, had the corners of her mouth subtly rise.

"Ya, Yahweh! Yahweeeee!"

As Marduk's screams pierced the eardrums, the feeling of hands around the neck completely disappeared.

When Sirone slowly opened her eyes, Marduk was kneeling with his limbs melted away, gritting his teeth.

"Just how evil are you?"

Being able to withstand Yahweh's light meant the Legion Commander's demonic power was equivalent to Satan's.

"Don't think it's over."

Marduk raised his head.

"There are plenty of ways to torment you. Repent, Yahweh. Realize your foolishness and follow the path of demons!"

Marduk's body turned black and began revealing the true form of a demon.

Even his beautiful appearance was nothing more than a body made of small forces, becoming a terrifyingly shaped shadow that attacked Sirone.

"I will destroy you."

A crackling insect friction sound replaced his vocal cords.

"Ataraxia."

As the sphere's Ataraxia enveloped Sirone's body, explosive light burst forth simultaneously.

Dragon-slaying magic Quasar.

Countless lights flew in parabolic arcs from all directions, trapping Marduk in a massive sphere of light.

"Graaaah!"

Like dropping ink into water, but in a far more disgusting form, a silhouette writhed about.

"I won't forgive! Satan... please let Yahweh..."

As the small forces vanished, the sound disappeared, and when Quasar's light faded, not even a speck of dust remained.

"It's over."

Turning around, Minerva was approaching.

"No. It's just beginning now."

Just as Sirone looked toward the sunset beyond the horizon, Minerva smacked him on the head.

"Ow! Why did you hit me?"

"Because it's not cool at all? Did you think if you turned around like that, I'd gaze at you with eyes moved to tears?"

"No?"

Minerva pointed accusingly.

"Anyway, you've realized now. Abandon the obsession with protecting everyone. It's better to move while considering efficiency."

Sirone rubbed his aching head and said:

"Still, it's something I have to do."

"Even after taking such a beating...!"

"But if I can't protect them, then it can't be helped."

The fierce energy disappeared from Minerva's eyes.

'He's beginning to place himself within the whole.'

What cannot be done, cannot be done.

'Acknowledging even that is true perfection.'

And the highest efficiency regarding perfection.

"I'm not afraid anymore. I'll just do my best and do what I can."

If he had destroyed delusion, then Minerva's will to follow Sirone's perfection was also valid.

"Good. Shall we seal the altar then? Let's report to Taeseong and head straight to Kashan."

The tasks assigned to the stars were endless, and Minerva shot up into the sky on her jet.

Since he would now be able to catch up with her, Sirone remained in place for a moment to organize his thoughts.

'A new sense. This must be the ninth one.'

He didn't know that the ninth sense was called resonance, but he had heard about the tenth sense.

'Mutae.'

And now he had a vague idea of what world that sense was hidden in.

'Manipulating information from all worlds. And if this is possible, then theoretically...'

Reset—the world could be initialized.

'Ankera's sense.'

If this world had an owner, it would certainly be administrator privileges, and even Sirone questioned whether he could reach this point.

The reason human Sirone could obtain the sixth sense was because he inherited an archangel's sensation.

'Ikael.'

Also, the reason he could ascend to the ninth sense was because he was pulled up by the end of senses, the eleventh sense Ultima.

'Guffin.'

Ikael pushed him up and Guffin pulled him up.

'After making me human...'

With one final sense remaining, Sirone felt terrible longing as he thought of them.