On the Edge (2)

"Hyaaaah!"

Fried ascended vertically up Argantis's main body with his sword hanging at his side.

Blue electricity sparked from his left hand, tracing a parabolic arc as it scraped across the demon beast's surface.

KWAKWAKWAKWAKWAKWANG!

An explosion erupted, grotesquely crushing the mouths that were spewing disgusting liquid.

'This isn't enough.' He had to block off the top of Argantis.

Just as he pushed his Schema's mobility to the maximum to catch up with the reflux speed, a terrible cry rang out.

"Kill him!"

Demons fell from the sky, thrusting red spears.

Fried blocked with his sword, but his legs lifted and he plummeted downward again.

"Graaah!"

He drove his sword into the demon beast's hide that flowed like rapids and clenched his left fist.

Flames bright as lava blazed forth.

'Watch me.'

At first, he had simply swung his sword to remember his son.

When he had become somewhat able to bear his grief, he had become a magic swordsman skilled in both blade and magic.

"Eat this."

The flames exploded in midair.

"Kieeeee!"

The demons melted away, and Fried ascended to the top, moving against the falling fireballs.

'Is that it?'

Syker's laser was illuminating the center.

'There's no time!' And at precisely that point, Argantis began to convulse, preparing to explode.

"Hoooooo!"

As he gathered electricity in his left hand, the surrounding charges collided, creating thunder with a tremendous roar.

KWARURURURURUR!

When the tremendously powerful electric attack struck the top of Argantis, a chilling scream was heard.

Hoooooooo!

As he seared and sealed the surface with electricity, the top portion of Argantis swelled up like a balloon.

Fried increased the power even more.

"Uaaaah!"

Finally, the refluxing liquid began flowing downward, and the swollen area started to shrink.

'Success!'

He had prevented the worst-case scenario of acid rain.

"Uek?..."

But when he stopped Argantis's vomiting like this, another unexpected situation occurred.

"Uek! Uek! Uek! Uek!"

Disgusting sounds burst from Argantis's mouth, and it began shaking madly.

"Damn..."

Like a strangled human writhing with all their might in their final moments.

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! CLANG!

The rings of Syng's Annihilation Three Thousand Worlds hanging at the summit shattered, causing it to deviate from Syker's aim point.

Syng, who was on the ground, let out a groan.

"Gruk!"

He was doing his utmost to hold on, but this time it was beyond his control.

Minerva's voice was heard.

"It's deviated from the aim point."

When Syng turned his head, Sirone was standing next to Minerva with a pale complexion.

"What happened?"

As God's punishment drew closer to the ground, Sirone's consciousness had returned as well.

But the acceleration was so high that laser guidance was no longer possible.

"We can't hit it like this. If it misses even slightly, the shockwave will explode on the ground."

"...You're saying we can't stop it?"

"There's still one method."

As Sirone walked past Syng, Minerva followed behind her.

"What are you trying to..."

The moment she saw Yahweh's light blazing like flames from Sirone's body, she stopped walking.

"I'm going to twist the law."

Something that Nine couldn't do - only possible for Yahweh.

But even from Sirone's perspective, catching a 10-ton object exceeding Mach 40 was a difficult challenge.

"You could die."

Syng said.

"Law is a seesaw game. If you can't handle it, your law will be destroyed instead."

Since this was from the world's greatest authority on law, it was probably true.

Fried came flying from the sky.

"Damn! One thing after another! What are we going to do now?"

Looking up at him, Sirone smiled.

"It's okay."

Whether she could or couldn't do it wasn't what mattered.

"Whether someone's weak or strong doesn't matter anymore. We're fighting together." Syng's face reddened slightly.

'Fighting together?'

The only thing Yahweh desired.

Sirone could willingly sacrifice herself.

'Mental transcendence.'

Surely Yahweh must be one of the highest realms achievable as Prajna.

'I can do it. Change the trajectory.'

The light surrounding Sirone's body blazed up enormously, as if it would burn the entire city.

"That's..."

Amanta turned her head, and reverence filled people's eyes at the radiance that filled the sky.

"Ah, ahh..."

Though they didn't know what meaning was contained in that light, it was the one thing they had been searching for in hell.

"Graaaah!"

The moment she mentally grasped God's punishment falling toward the ground, Sirone's face contorted.

'It's much harder than I thought.'

If it were simply pushing with powerful law, it might be possible, but this required precisely hitting the aim point.

Blood vessels bulged at Sirone's temples, and the capillaries in her eyes began bursting.

Seeing bloody tears streaming down, Minerva grabbed her shoulder and shouted.

"No! You'll die like this!"

Sirone couldn't hear her.

'Just a little more!'

She had never wanted to succeed as much as now.

'This is the result of all of us fighting together.' The Five Great Stars of the Ivory Tower were those who had upheld their own beliefs without yielding to any compromise.

If such people were all gathered here, then humanity still had hope remaining.

'I want to succeed. I have to...' Sirone's body, bleeding from eyes, nose, and ears, trembled in shock.

And at that moment.

'It's moving.'

The 10-ton spear that had been stubbornly falling while refusing Yahweh's command began to slightly change trajectory.

"Graaaah!"

As Sirone's pupils rolled upward, Minerva's face turned pale.

"Sirone! Snap out of it!"

Sirone's eyes snapped open.

'Right here!'

God's punishment's trajectory was corrected, angled to pierce vertically through Argantis's body.

Having given her all, Sirone collapsed to her knees, supporting herself on the ground while gasping for breath.

"Huk! Huk!"

"Did it work? Did you succeed?"

Though mentally exhausted to the point of death, Sirone lifted her head and forced the corners of her mouth up with difficulty.

"Yes. For now..."

"It's not over yet."

Syng said in an anguished voice.

"It's moving again."

When Sirone looked forward with a hardened expression, Argantis was making its final struggle.

Hoooooooo!

Though invisible due to the clouds, countless branches were spreading and swaying from the top of the demon beast.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

The air ruptured, and a tremendous roar as if the world were ending pounded their eardrums.

"What's it trying to do?"

To Fried's question, Minerva answered.

"There's no will involved. It's just struggling with all its might. But in this state, the trajectory will be thrown off."

If the angle changed even slightly, God's punishment would pierce through Argantis's body and crash into the ground.

"We need to cut those branches."

That was the only method, but calculating the fall time, there was no leeway to return.

Fried shouldered his sword and said.

"I'll go."

"You..."

At Minerva's surprised expression, he gave a bitter smile.

"I'm the only one who can do it. Forget about returning in time - you probably can't even cut those branches."

Someone had to sacrifice themselves.

"Fried..."

"I'm going."

Just as Fried was taking position to leap out, a familiar voice came from behind Sirone.

"It's too high to see clearly, isn't it?" As everyone turned around urgently, Fried asked.

"...Who are you?"

A blue-haired young man with a great sword on his back was shading his eyes with his hand, looking up at the sky.

Sirone couldn't believe her eyes.

"Lian?"

Lian squinted one eye and smiled.

"Looks like you're in trouble, Sirone."

Countless thoughts flooded her mind simultaneously, but Sirone urgently grasped the essential point.

"There's no time for this! If we don't move quickly..."

"Don't worry."

As Lian stepped forward, placing his hand on Sirone's shoulder, Fried's brow furrowed.

"Do you know what you're talking about?"

"Probably..."

Lian looked up at the distant sky, then kicked off the ground and charged forward at terrifying speed.

"Something to cut."

Syng shouted.

"You have to hurry! Even I can't hold on anymore!"

The rings of Annihilation Three Thousand Worlds shook violently and began to crack.

"It's coming."

Minerva said, looking up at the sky.

"We won't make it in time."

Though Lian was ascending Argantis at terrifying speed, God's punishment was falling faster than expected.

Lian, who had been charging vertically toward the sky, spotted a single point of light blazing in the heavens.

"Around here?"

His muscles twisted with a grinding sound, transforming into a Yaksha's body capable of withstanding the impact.

"What's he trying to do?"

As Syng muttered, Lian simultaneously kicked off the trunk and broke away to the outside.

"Graaaah!" And at that moment, the Five Great Stars realized.

"That crazy..."

There wasn't time to cut away the demon beast's branches.

"He's going to cut the whole thing?"

Lian gripped the great sword with both hands, his waist turning to its limit.

"Hoooooo!"

He was falling at two-thirds the height of Argantis.

Though much thinner than the bottom, it was still easily over 100 meters thick.

"Hyaaaaaaah!"

Divine transcendence, Idea.

If Kashan's capital was a single painting, then Lian's sword was a flash of light cutting from one end of the canvas to the other.

*Crack.*

The Five Great Stars' eyes widened, and the upper portion of Argantis that had risen above the clouds began to fall.

"He... cut that?"

Sirone clenched both fists.

"Lian."

The strongest Yaksha.

Having completed his decisive strike, Lian fell while standing upright, looking down at Sirone.

"So don't worry, Sirone." Now I'm here.

Behind Lian's back, a gray spear exceeding Mach 40 drove down vertically.

*Thud.*

The moment the spear tip touched the center of the demon beast.

PUPUPUPUPUPUPUPUNG!

A sound louder than thunder rampaged downward underground, followed by the massive body beginning to explode.

Argantis screamed desperately.

KRAAAAAAAH!

As it penetrated the body and crashed underground, the earth rippled like waves and shockwaves severed the roots.

Most humans cowered in terror, covering their heads, but the Five Great Stars watched the magnificent spectacle in stunned amazement.

"We stopped it."

Minerva muttered.

"We stopped it."

KURURURURURUNG!

City-sized clouds of dust spread widely in concentric circles, riding the earth's vibrations.

"Lian."

Sirone stared intently through the dust.

Though they had pierced through Argantis, he had taken the shockwave of God's punishment at close range.

"Lian!"

Just as she was shouting, thinking he couldn't be unharmed, a shadow walked out of the dust cloud.

"Phew, that was no joke. Sirone, was that your magic?"

Lian appeared with his clothes in tatters, the great sword slung on his back.

'No injuries?'

To be precise, his limbs had been torn off by the shockwave and then regenerated.

"Are you... okay?"

As Sirone and the Five Great Stars watched in bewilderment, Lian arrived before them.

"Are there any enemies left?"

After confirming that all the demons had disappeared, he finally turned to look at Sirone and said.

"It's been a while, Sirone."