[690] Eyes of God (2)

A radiant energy rippled from Meirei's slender, elongated body before shooting straight up into the sky in an instant.

Following that pillar of light to unfathomable heights, she formed hand seals with fingers that bent like rubber.

"What is that?"

As everyone looked up at the sky, her avatar grew so massive it seemed to overturn the entire heavens.

Terraforce Avatar Art
Great Merciful Guanyin.

A size that rivaled the avatar art of Miro that she had shown when facing Satan in Heaven before.

In the enormous eyes without eyelids on her fan-shaped crown, a map was reflected.

"Now I shall distinguish between your good and evil."

The Terraforce are a race that protects order, possessing the ability to collect and analyze all sounds in this world.

Just as humans cannot be discussed without their visual function, to the Terraforce, sound is the truth and essence of this world.

And at this very moment, all sounds from the planet where Sirone lived were being collected in Meirei's ears.

"The wisdom of the Grand Judge. The order of law."

Light flickered in Meirei's two eyes as the same standard was applied to all humans currently living in the world.

The numbers of good and evil were rapidly tallied.

Good: 0 people
Evil: 8,724 people

Through the true power of God's frequency, over 3 billion sounds of the heart resonated greatly, echoing in her mind.

Yakma Republic.

I alone want to be superior. I wish everyone would look up to me.

That guy is finished. Acting so smart when he has no skill. If it were me...

The sounds of hearts accumulating simultaneously from all over the world were classified at tremendous speed according to the Grand Judge of Terraforce's standards.

Good: 1 person
Evil: 278,687 people

North Eymond Republic.

It's mine! I'll have it all!

Crush them cruelly! If they made a mistake, they must pay the price! My mistake? ...What do you know about me!

Good: 12 people
Evil: 4,562,479 people

Kashan Empire.

I'm a good person. There's no way I'm not good. So you're all bad guys!

Why won't they notice me? I'm the cooler one! I'm the best! You idiots don't realize that!

Good: 376 people
Evil: 67,285,541 people

Mediterranean.

Perish. Perish. Perish. Perish.

What I think is the only correct answer. Because I'm smart. You're all stupid.

Good: 1,225 people
Evil: 128,546,699 people

Eastern Middle Heaven, Mountains of the Monks.

By abandoning myself with all my heart...

The courage to oppose evil is not about fighting and winning, but about immersing myself in suffering.

Good: 21,318 people
Evil: 1,589,746,587 people

Gustav Empire.

Make a mistake. So I can mock you, so I can feel at ease. Oh God, please make that person make a mistake.

I will make you suffer. I don't care. It's not me who's in pain.

The judgment of all humanity ended, and the final score appeared in Meirei's mind.

Good: 48,893 people
Evil: 3,159,963,587 people

'It's sufficient.'

Those who passed the standard of good didn't even amount to 1 percent of the total population, but the choice still remained with them.

Are humans evil beings?

If so, how would one explain the 48,893 humans who still remained in this world?

As long as even one good person remained, humans could not be defined as either good or evil.

Rather, as beings who choose between good and evil themselves, they would endlessly strive for humanity's future.

"Humanity is not yet ready for destruction. By this Grand Judge's decision, I shall delete La Enemy's incident."

As the Great Merciful Guanyin avatar changed hand seals and swept both arms in a great circle, an enormous number of light sources overlapped.

Terraforce Avatar Art
Guanyin's Demon Annihilation.

A clear and bright sound inaudible to human ears spread toward the earth.

The law that weakens the power of evil by borrowing the power of good was delivered to the entire world through the power of Terraforce's mighty avatar.

The balance that could be restored with a ratio of 50,000 to 3.1 billion was not great, but it was sufficient power to erase La Enemy's incident.

"Uh..."

Chagall looked up at the sky with a dazed expression.

The terrible memories that had wavered between reality and fantasy gradually disappeared, leaving only his original memories.

There were no new memories to fill the vanished ones, only the time he had wandered in darkness.

"Aaahhh! Aaahhh!"

Watching Chagall scream wildly in frustration and resentment, Sirone guessed the severity of the situation.

'This is the aftermath Meirei mentioned.'

Probably people showing the same reaction as Chagall were appearing all over the world.

As La Enemy's memories disappeared, the Kar value he had acquired through human experience also began to drop, albeit slightly.

The army of the other world stopped fighting, and Igor and Vashiva, who had been engaged in fierce battle, also distanced themselves.

"What... happened here?"

"Vashiva, the masters of this world are us, after all. Without control, we cannot protect anything."

La Enemy had promised Vashiva the independence of the other world, but even such memories had already disappeared.

Igor turned to Sirone and said:

"We will return. Solve your own problems yourselves. We fought together today, but next time..."

Igor held back his words.

Since beings from the other world and humans of reality were destined to be unable to coexist from birth, if such an incident repeated, war would be unavoidable then.

As the army of the other world retreated, what remained were terrible corpses and Sirone's group covered in blood.

Meirei, having finished her avatar art, descended to the ground.

"I have annihilated La Enemy's incident. As humanity's representative, you have the duty to take responsibility for this matter."

"...You're quick to say that."

He had been prepared for that much anyway.

"But why do I still have my memories?"

"Guanyin's Demon Annihilation erases everything controlled by evil. If you're not being controlled, your memories won't be erased either."

"I see."

As La Enemy's incident disappeared, the scenery of the other world began to slowly recede.

The brain in the container was released, and Meirei, having returned to her girl form, covered one ear.

Through God's frequency, La Enemy's voice could be heard.

Find me, Hexa.

La Enemy would not be able to show himself in the world until he reached 100 percent Kar.

I will be where you seek.

No more voices were heard, and Sirone checked the survivors' condition.

Venetia was dead, and Chagall was nowhere to be seen, having apparently already left.

As Etela, Quan, Lian, and Lufist approached Sirone, Meirei said:

"I will return. I don't know what future awaits you, but I hope you make the right choices."

Lufist said:

"Since you're already here, why not stay a bit longer? La Enemy hasn't completely disappeared either."

"Terraforce protects the order of the universe through sound. I intervened directly because La Enemy ignored order and manipulated cosmic events, but there won't be physical interference unless a cosmic-scale event like this occurs."

"Hmm."

Lufist neither affirmed nor denied.

Though he desperately wanted to use Terraforce for the Tormia Kingdom, they seemed too dangerous a race to handle.

"Hexa, Terraforce recognizes you as humanity's representative. I leave things in your hands. I'll contact you if necessary."

As soon as she finished speaking, Meirei's eyes returned to human ones.

"Huh? Where is this?"

She seemed to remember nothing, so Sirone's group looked at her with bewildered expressions.

"You don't remember anything?"

"I think I was blown away by the explosion's impact when I defended against the creature's energy beam..."

'So she changed from then. We were completely fooled.'

Though it would probably be classified, Meirei would be recruited by the kingdom as the only capable person who could communicate with Terraforce.

Etela spoke up:

"What do we do now? La Enemy's memories have disappeared, but he's still staying in this world in human form."

Kido answered:

"Do we need to find him? Manipulating incidents would be meaningless now."

La Enemy's method of collecting experiences was on a scale impossible without being designed from ancient times.

Sirone said:

"Still, the ability called 'memories of five senses' is useful. La Enemy might use it in other ways."

"Are you really thinking of finding him?"

Lufist asked skeptically.

"You should know from this incident, right? If you're careless, you might raise La Enemy into a huge disaster. Humanity would be in danger."

"We still have to find him."

"Why?"

"Because it's the Ivory Tower test."

She didn't mean for passing the exam.

"My thoughts align with the Ivory Tower's. Even if humanity becomes endangered, we must fight to the end and drive out La Enemy."

'Kar, huh...'

Anyway, since Sirone wasn't affiliated with the Magic Association, there was nothing Lufist could do to stop her.

"Do as you please. I'm going to the creature. I might be able to recover the seeds. I'll handle the mercenary group matter."

"I'm sorry about Jane."

"...She's not the only one who died. I'll be in touch."

As Lufist flew away, Meirei also turned to Sirone and bowed her head.

"I'll follow the Association President too. Please visit me when you become an Ivory Tower resident."

As long as Meirei received Terraforce's oracle, this wouldn't be the end of their relationship.

"Alright. Take care of yourself, and let's meet again."

While Sirone was saying goodbye, Quan limped over to Lian.

"Hey."

The moment Lian turned his head, Quan drew his sword like lightning and struck vertically.

The sword passed between Lian's brows with a whooshing sound.

"Got it?"

"...Yes."

The afterimage of a flash containing countless variations in a single strike still remained on his retina.

It was certainly a technique difficult even to imitate, but he could understand what Quan was trying to say.

"Practice."

It was a gift from someone who had once been his instructor.

"Ah, thank you."

Quan didn't even respond and turned away, while Etela tapped Sirone's shoulder in farewell.

"Well then, take care, Sirone."

"Are you leaving? Um, I haven't paid the commission fee yet."

Etela smiled and shook her head.

"I didn't come for money. I've engraved my master's will in my heart, so it's fine."

"Will you return to school?"

"For now. But... I'm not sure yet."

Hatred toward Chagall still remained, and she wondered if she could teach students in this state.

After everyone left, only Lian and Kido remained by Sirone's side.

After an awkward silence, Lian looked at Kido.

"Aren't you leaving?"

"Huh, me? I should go..."

While the entire world was humans' stage of activity, Kido, being a goblin, was just a demi-human wherever he went.

"If you don't have a particular destination, want to come with us?"

At Sirone's suggestion, Kido's ears actually perked up, but his pride wouldn't allow him to agree immediately.

"Hmph, what would I do following humans..."

"You can't hide forever though. Come with us. It'll be fun."

"R-really?"

Lian also readily agreed.

"Yeah, let's fight La Enemy together. The more strong allies, the better."

Kido liked being called a strong ally.

"Kehehe! Good! Then shall this one graciously lend strength to the humans?"

Kido struck a cool pose while swinging his spear.

"By the way..."

Though Radum's mission had concluded, heavy emotions still flowed in their hearts.

"Sirone, what is this world?"

The playfulness disappeared from Kido's face as he recalled how Anke Ra was born.

"I don't want to be certain. But perhaps we..."

Sirone looked up at the sky and said:

"Might be living in someone's dream."