**Rules of the Holy War (4)**

"High Priest."

Seeing High Priest Maximus's face, Rukia was filled with sorrow.

'I'm sorry.'

He was the priest she respected most after the Pope, and she had inflicted severe injuries on him.

'I never meant to hurt you.'

It was because she couldn't control her emotions.

She believed that when she got angry about his opposition to her relationship with Glen, that impious feeling caused the demon's power to manifest.

'This is a trial given to me.'

She would subdue the demon in her left hand and prove her innocence to High Priest Maximus.

"Huh?"

As memories of the past unfolded, Rukia noticed that Maximus was looking at her seventeen-year-old self with a blank expression.

'Was that how it was?'

She couldn't remember.

Back then, she didn't know how remarkable a person Maximus was.

But now that she knew so much more, she detected a strangely concerning emotion in the High Priest's gaze.

'He's not the type to make such an expression.'

At that moment, time twisted again, and not her past but the High Priest's past unfolded.

"Irene."

She saw young Maximus blushing before a woman.

'That woman is...'

Though they weren't identical like twins, Rukia instinctively knew the woman resembled her.

Cause.

Time flowed backward again...

"Baby, you need to eat."

She saw Maximus's mother feeding him soup when he was toddling around.

'Why?'

The woman who resembled both Irene and Rukia.

'Why are you showing me this?'

Cause.

The scene changed back to the academy.

"Who is that child?"

When Maximus pointed to Rukia, the supervising nun said proudly:

"She's the most outstanding priest candidate at the academy. She possesses truly excellent divine power."

"I see."

This time Rukia remembered too.

Maximus had a brief conversation with her and left encouraging words that if she worked hard, she could serve God at the Vatican.

'Those words changed my life.'

That night, she saw Maximus lying on a cot, unable to sleep.

'No, I don't want to see this. I don't want to peek into someone's bedroom.'

"Irene."

He had loved her so much, but Maximus had ambition.

'If I could turn back time.' If he could return to that moment when she first and last confessed her love.

Maximus got up from bed and left his room.

Rukia was shocked to see him heading toward the female students' dormitory.

Even a High Priest entering the forbidden zone would be a grave sin.

Walking down the corridor, Maximus carefully opened the door with a nameplate reading "Rukia."

The seventeen-year-old girl was fast asleep.

Maximus gazed at her intently and let out a long sigh.

Years spent running solely for success.

Why did God take only his soul and leave his body abandoned in reality?

When he first saw Rukia in the chapel, Maximus suddenly thought:

Couldn't it be undone?

Watching the High Priest's hand slowly reaching out, present-day Rukia's breath caught.

He clenched his fist.

'No! What is this...'

Even if he could turn back time, he would have chosen to become High Priest.

'Don't make foolish choices. Now that you've become High Priest, you're just having regrets.'

He looked back at the mirror.

An appearance drained of youthful vitality, an authority figure of the Vatican who possessed everything in the world.

"Urgh!"

Maximus turned roughly and walked back down the corridor to his bedroom.

Until dawn, he knelt with wooden needles, striking his thighs.

"O God."

Blood stained his clothes.

"Help me resist the devil's temptation." His muscles convulsed.

"Purify my soul."

He didn't stop the self-harm until daybreak.

"No."

Rukia clutched her head.

"I don't want to know. I don't want to know things like this."

Oh, God.

The voices of countless people working at the academy echoed like hallucinations.

Please punish my desires. I want to go to the Vatican. I want to become High Priest. Please grant me powerful divine power.

Cause, cause, cause.

Wah. Wah.

If life is the totality of causes accumulated from the moment of birth...

"Does humanity truly possess the ability to determine results?"

The pyramid-headed man spoke.

"You who have no cause, do you seek to become God?"

Shirone shook his head.

"You're wrong. Though there may be no cause, will is connected."

Connected through the heart.

"I too have agonized countless times following the flow of time. Through those countless choices and mistakes, I'm here now."

"But you don't waver. Do you deny all the foundations of life that make you who you are?"

"It's not denial. The causes of all people who existed in this world are in my memory. Certainly confusing, sometimes murky, but..."

The one called In extended his hand.

"Realize your insignificance."

As waves of time surged forward, Shirone emitted the light of Agape.

"I forgive."

Explosive radiance filled the pyramid's interior with white light, and once again the surroundings were shrouded in darkness.

In was nowhere to be seen.

"Don't underestimate the human heart."

Looking ahead with sunken eyes, Shirone was certain after meeting In.

There was a god in this place.

High Priest Maximus, recuperating in his room, recalled events from long ago.

'Rukia.' When did everything start going wrong?

'I shouldn't have gone to the academy that day. I ended up hurting that child.'

No, if he had chosen Irene, would Rukia have remained just another student?

'How pathetic humans become before life?'

Rough knocking was heard.

"High Priest. High Priest."

Maximus frowned.

"Come in."

As soon as permission was granted, a priest who opened the door and entered had a pale expression.

"What's the matter?"

"Well, that is..."

Hearing about what was currently happening at the Vatican, his eyes showed confusion.

"Yahweh... clashed with the Heresy Management Department?"

"Yes. Such rumors are circulating. We tried to investigate, but His Holiness is away, and you're the only one with access authority."

After rolling his eyes briefly, he smiled.

"I understand. I'll go up. Would you summon the Holy Knights?"

"Yes. I'm sorry, when you're not feeling well."

Though the injury from Rukia was severe, treatment with divine power was complete.

"Don't worry. This is why I'm here."

After the priest left, Maximus sighed.

"Damn it!"

He could easily guess why Yahweh remained here.

'What a troublesome fellow.'

Just as he was preparing to go up to the Holy See, a sound came from the wall.

"Oh my, you seem busy today?"

Maximus's body flinched, and soon after, delicate hands caressed his shoulders.

"How disappointing. I was going to make you feel much better today."

"...I said I'm going. If we're caught, it's over."

The woman's face touched Maximus's cheek.

It was Irene.

"Do you dislike me?"

Of course it wasn't the real Irene, but seeing her exact 20s appearance felt like defying time.

"You're not Irene."

Elka, a member of Yahweh's assassination unit Catacomb and evangelist of Satanism.

A demon with the ability to reflect human hearts like a mirror, visibly showing what they most desired.

"Hoho! Yes, that's right. I'm a filthy demon. But who was it that lost his virginity to this demon?"

"Ugh."

Maximus's face contorted.

"Get lost. I won't succumb to demons anymore."

Elka pushed Maximus toward the bed.

"Fine, I'll disappear. But will you be okay? Your emotional illness might relapse."

Maximus had far more things he couldn't give up than others, including his position as High Priest.

"Weren't you the one who agreed to follow Satanism's doctrine? It's an achievement built by suppressing desires your whole life - you can't abandon it now, can you? If you leave the Vatican, you're just another ordinary old man."

"No! I am..."

"This is compensation for all your hard work. You're still Lamigyo's High Priest, and now you have the woman you love too."

As she laid Maximus on the bed and leaned in for a kiss, he turned his head away.

"O God, please. Please."

"It's okay. You've endured enough. You've endured for 60 years."

Evil exploits human weaknesses.

"Stop now."

Maximus shed tears.

"I was wrong. Please don't do this to me."

"I don't want to hurt your heart, but..."

The face identical to Irene's smiled sadly.

"I haven't done anything, have I?"

"Ah."

As his mind crumbled, Maximus's eyes rolled back, and Elka's lips touched his nape.

"Kingdom of Moon! Entry!"

As the procession entered, the gazes of those at Delta's headquarters moved.

'So that's the Moon King.'

Unryong, riding alone on horseback rather than in a carriage, was stroking his beard.

"Hmph! Hiding in buildings like mice to spy? No dignity befitting a king."

If Paras was the origin of Kashan, the Moon Kingdom was the origin of Jincheon.

And what they handled best, like Paras, was the study of astrology and divination.

Flu said:

"Both countries use sorcery. We should be cautious unless we have more information."

"The most threatening scenario is if Paras and Moon join forces. Contact Yongrae to prevent it."

Shirone still maintained his silence.

'The Holy War hasn't begun yet.' Compared to the complex simultaneous events unfolding, the Holy War side was relatively peaceful.

But that was brief - when another nation passed through the inner castle, Shirone's eyes lit up.

"Gustav Empire! Entry!"

Though Havitz had abandoned his homeland to side with Kashan, Gustav remained a great power.

A long procession rivaling Kashan's could be seen from afar, and they finally revealed themselves at Delta's headquarters.

'Havitz left. Then who's the current king?'

He'd heard it was recently vacant, but participating in the Holy War without a representative made no sense.

"Th-that person is?"

When they came close enough to see clearly, the leaders of each nation murmured.

"Isn't that Gustav's 4th Company? Weren't they dead?"

In the emperor's carriage, they could see Balkan wearing a crown, and beside him, three people sitting undignifiedly.

Shirone's expression grew serious.

'Smodo, Zetaro, Natasha. Of course, with their abilities, they could control Gustav. Their political credibility is considerable too. But...'

The puzzling point was:

'Why did they come to the Holy War specifically?'

As if thinking the same thing, everyone's gaze turned to Havitz.

"Hooh?"

Havitz, who had been voraciously eating at the banquet, chewed grapes as he approached the window.

"I can hear it, I can hear."

Through God's frequency, the hearts of Gustav's 4th Company were transmitted.

Clear murderous intent without a trace of sympathy.

"Kekeke."

Havitz flung the window wide open and stuck his head out.

"You want to kill me? The likes of you?"

As people at headquarters murmured, Balkan pointed at Havitz with his index finger.

"There he is."

"What? Already here?"

The remaining three immediately stood up and looked where Balkan pointed.

Silence followed.

"...He's there. He's there."

Crow's feet appeared around Gustav 4th Company's eyes.

"Havitz, you bastard!"

Havitz's face upon hearing their voices was...

"Kekeke! Kekekeke!"

"Th-that crazy..."

It was so grotesquely distorted that everyone at headquarters turned pale.