[780] The Definition of Evil (2)

"If humans are the ones who define good and evil, then which people are good and which are evil?"

Uorin continued.

"How would you know? Those with 100 points of good call those with 10 points of good bad, and those with 10 points of evil call those with 100 points of evil bad."

The world seems full of nothing but bad people.

"Everyone just thinks they're right. The moment they realize they themselves can never be absolutely right, they'd lean from neutrality toward good, but..."

Intelligence.

"That doesn't mean those who've realized this don't commit bad deeds."

That's why human life is a tragedy when viewed up close, but a comedy when viewed from afar.

"Then what about the perspective of ultimate evil? If one watches human life from the greatest distance..."

If you observe our lives from the furthest point away from humanity, you find no logic, no probability.

"It's just a trashy comedy."

"Puhaha! That was absolutely amazing! As expected of Zetaro! You're worthy of the title of Gustav's Fourth Knight!"

Havitz couldn't stop laughing.

"Someone died. How can you laugh at that? Please show some restraint."

When Zetaro became serious, Havitz's laughter abruptly stopped.

"..."

Natasha, caught in the middle, rolled her large eyes with severed eyelids and smiled.

"Puhahahaha! That's really funny! The ultimate comedian! Isn't that right, Natasha?"

"Without a doubt."

Zetaro held back his laughter to the end.

'One who seeks to make others laugh must not laugh himself.'

Gustav's Fourth Knight, Rosica Zetaro.

Though he possessed versatile abilities as a doctor, master craftsman, and comedian, there was a specific reason Havitz liked him.

"Zetaro is interesting."

Because he was most similar to himself.

"Hey, Smodo! Come here quickly! You won't believe what Zetaro did today..."

When they arrived at the imperial castle, Smodo came out to greet them.

"That's not the issue right now. Aren't we attacking the Cotria Republic? Balkan is dying of boredom."

Havitz dismounted from his horse.

"We still haven't attacked? Attack now. War is what Balkan enjoys most, so just let him handle it."

"I've already sent in one unit. Just to test the waters. We'll occupy Pasipa city near the border."

"Since Balkan sent them, they'll win. Handle it yourself. You take care of the spoils of war too."

"About those spoils of war. The army will handle the women themselves, but I'd like to bring in a certain number to sell to the citizens for money."

"Why? Are we running out of money? We can just steal from other countries."

"The young men need to have some fun too if they're going to want to go to war. If we turn the slaves into livestock and distribute that money to households, we can raise taxes."

Havitz gave a thumbs up.

"As expected, the king of domestic affairs. Oh, by the way, Zetaro killed one person during his performance. Select 10 handsome, strong men and send them to the woman. They'll be more useful than her husband. Give her about 100 million gold."

"Understood."

Uorin tapped her head.

"All that's in their heads are thoughts about how they can enjoy themselves."

There are no thoughts about others' emotions.

"Killing people, tormenting others. These can all be called evil. But that's not the definition of evil."

What is evil?

"Ignorance."

According to Uorin's definition.

"I don't mean stupid or uneducated. Because they don't know what's right, they have no standards for judgment."

Therefore, ignorance is chaos itself.

"Naturally, they have no guilt either. They don't even know they're evil. Though <Law Kill>'s function is excellent, it's quite difficult to exploit this gap."

Because they exist outside the law.

"Are you really going to do this? If you come at me like this, I have ways to turn everything upside down too."

Ardak, the Deputy Minister of Environment for the Gustav Empire, had a hobby of deliberately putting maids in debt to lure them into his bed.

"Please stop this. I told you I don't want to."

But Marie alone wouldn't fall for it.

"Why are you being like this? What's good is good. Think of your elderly mother at home. I said I could cure her illness."

Because numerous maids had already told Marie about the humiliation and shame they suffered at Ardak's hands.

"I don't need that kind of money. My mother's illness is a family matter. I'll earn the money myself..."

"You ungrateful wench!"

When Ardak raised his voice and lifted his hand, Marie cowered with a frightened expression.

"Do you think I can't do anything to someone like you? I'm the Deputy Minister of Environment. Should I hang your head in the square right now?"

Gustav's domestic officials had been tyrants for generations, and killing a mere maid was nothing for a deputy minister.

"Please, spare me."

"Then borrow the money. Got it? Let's do this legally. It's good for you and good for me."

The guards shouted.

"His Majesty the Emperor approaches!"

Ardak, startled, quickly stepped back, and the maid beside him bowed her head as well.

"Yes, yes, you're all working hard."

Havitz, still wearing shabby clothes, scratched his crotch and approached the deputy minister.

"What are you doing here? Sniff."

The maid momentarily frowned, then made eye contact with Havitz and her face went pale.

"I... I'm sorry."

When Havitz extended his hand to the side, Zetaro pulled a hand axe from his bag and handed it over.

The moment the maid's heart sank, Havitz brought the hand axe down and embedded it in Ardak's skull.

"Justice served."

"Keeeeek!"

As the axe blade embedded in his crown, Ardak screamed and his eyeballs popped out of both eyes.

"Huk! Huk!"

While the terrified maid gasped heavily, Natasha plucked off one of the dangling eyeballs with a pop.

"..."

After rolling the eyeball around with her finger for a moment, she put it in her mouth and sucked the blood.

"Eye."

When she half-protruded the eyeball between her lips and turned her head, Havitz burst into laughter.

"Live happily. Give her 100 million gold too."

After patting the maid's shoulder and passing by, Natasha followed behind and spat out the eyeball with a pop.

"Wow, I've gotten stronger."

Raising both arms, Natasha turned the corner, and the maid collapsed and retched.

"Ugh! Ugheeeek!"

"Evil stems from ignorance."

It was no coincidence that mages, traditionally symbols of intelligence, were the ultimate good of their eras.

"Even so, evil sometimes appears attractive. They might seem like good people, might seem like bad people. Humans are creatures of delusion, so once they like someone, they see even bad points as good, but..."

Uorin shrugged.

"In reality, there's no such thing. Good actions, bad actions - they're all just fragments that emerged from chaos."

Sirone asked.

"How can such people exist?"

"Because they're extremes. If you think about it that way, ultimate good is equally bizarre. Your universal love, Nane's justice - they're directions furthest removed from humanity itself."

Minerva said.

"Like childhood trauma or something?"

If they could find the cause that created the current Havitz, they might find a way to attack.

"I analyzed it with History Search, but it's presumed to be almost nonexistent."

Ness asked.

"Almost nonexistent - does that mean it's not completely absent?"

"When Havitz was three, at the age when children are curious about the human body, he once stabbed a maid's eyes and blinded her."

"..."

"Gustav's genes have been violent for generations, but environmental influence can't be discounted either. If the maid had pushed Havitz's hand away, she would have died."

For the crime of resisting the emperor's son.

"The maid screamed with both eyes covered. Young Havitz looked around with his blood-stained hands. And what do you think happened?"

With everyone's attention focused, Uorin spun her finger and said.

"Everyone present applauded and praised Havitz. With expressions full of terror. That's what absolute power is."

Sirone muttered.

"He doesn't know what's right."

"Right. Environmentally, he had no opportunity to learn. But not all children of those in power become ultimate evil. There must be something more we don't know, but..."

Uorin shrugged.

"Maybe there's no reason at all. Perhaps Havitz would have become ultimate evil no matter what education he received."

Gaudio said.

"A young child. That's the hint."

Uorin snapped her fingers.

"Correct."

Entering the grand hall of the imperial castle, they found Balkan waiting with a world map spread out.

With all of Gustav's Four Knights now gathered, Havitz climbed onto his throne and stretched lazily.

"Asker."

Zetaro, who had instantly prepared a powerful drug, handed over a pipe, and lit one for himself as well.

While Smodo grabbed any random maid in the grand hall to roll around with, Balkan said.

"We've occupied Pasipa. The mayor was captured alive, and the number of citizens who became prisoners is approximately 70,000."

Havitz, intoxicated by the drug, trembled.

"Kill them."

Zetaro, his eyes glazed over, staggered over and pulled Havitz by the hair, rolling him to the floor.

"Hehehehe, funny."

While Havitz lay sprawled out, his lungs heaving, Zetaro sat on the throne like an emperor and shouted.

"Kill them all!"

"Bury them alive."

Havitz's pupils suddenly became clear.

"Dig a huge pit and bury them all. Only spare those who crawl out."

Smodo, lying on top of a maid, turned his head.

"Do you know how much it costs to bury 70,000 people?"

"It's fun."

There was no disagreement with that, and Balkan stood up.

"I'll give those orders. It will be quite a spectacle - let's go watch when it's ready."

Natasha said.

"Let's go! Go! I want to see!"

Havitz, who had somehow escaped the addiction to Asker, looked up at the ceiling and said.

"...I won't go."

Smodo's movements stopped.

"You're going to pour all that money in and not even watch?"

"That's funnier."

Zetaro tapped the armrest.

"Puhahaha! I get it! I understand!"

Balkan and Smodo blinked, and Natasha, who had no eyelids, tilted her head.

"Hehehe..."

Those who finally understood burst into laughter.

"Oh, my stomach! This is driving me crazy! This is totally amazing! Not going? Really not going... Puhahaha!"

The terrified maids trembled.

'Crazy bastards...'

Though they didn't want to know what was so funny, those who were even shedding tears of laughter truly looked happy.

"Hehehehe! Hehehehehe!"

Natasha sprinted quickly through the hall and began spinning around in beautiful ballet movements.

Havitz murmured.

"...This world is fun."

A playground.

Though when mom calls for dinner, he'll have no choice but to go home crying.

"You won't want to admit it..."

Though it makes you sick to even think about it.

"Ultimate evil is also pure, like the mind of a newborn child. Only the direction they pursue is different."

They have no concept of how they should behave.

"Miro's good, Sirone's love, Nane's justice, Gaold's neutrality. Now you understand what these mean."

Sirone had traveled extensively.

"The last thing to know is Havitz's evil. So we must accept this terrible fact."

The age of chaos was upon them.

"Evil is pure."

The eyes of those who accepted this fact gleamed sharply.

"And only that purity of evil..."

Uorin nodded.

"Right. That's the only point where we can slip through evil's cracks."

The method to kill Havitz had been decided.