The Terrible Truth (8)

Syng asked.

"An error... you say?"

"Otherwise, it doesn't make sense. To waste the perfect opportunity to kill me like this."

Syng couldn't argue with that point either.

"What will you do now? You're blocking the Cell Buster with the power of Taegeuk, but you can't hold out for long."

Sirone looked at the mass of Anti-Cells compressed in the sky.

"The reason Cell Buster is terrifying is because Anti-Cells divide endlessly. Destroy one and it becomes two, destroy two and they become four. As they keep dividing, they'll eventually outnumber humanity, and the world will be destroyed."

"Are they multiplying even now?"

The vibrating mass of Anti-Cells was proof of that.

"At this rate, they'll explode. And when they do, an unimaginable number will pour into the world."

"I'll find a way."

"How?"

Sirone shook his head.

"I don't know yet. But... that guy might have the answer."

Ardino Fermi.

'He's smarter than me when it comes to this stuff.'

Once his wounds had healed somewhat, Sirone stepped away from Syng who had been supporting him.

"This ends the simultaneous events at the Ivory Tower. I'll meet Fermi at the Holy War, so Syng, gather the remaining Stars here and bring them there."

"Before that, I have something to ask."

Sirone's survival was heaven's blessing for humanity, but something still felt unsettling.

"What do you think of Taeseong? Eumji and Yangji sacrificed themselves. Give me an accurate judgment."

"I believe in her."

Sirone was resolute.

"Of course, I don't trust the Administrator. That was clearly my mistake. But there must be a reason why Taeseong didn't kill me. She had no choice."

"What if that's not the case?"

Syng asked.

"What if there was no such reason? What if she thought stopping your heart was sufficient?"

"Then..."

Killing intent flashed in Sirone's eyes.

"I'll never forgive her. Not just Taeseong, but even God. They'll pay the price for scorning humanity."

Syng smiled.

"That's enough."

Because Eumji and Yangji would have said the same thing.

"See you at the Holy War."

Sirone's body faded away, leaving only Syng at the top of the Ivory Tower.

"Alone again?"

Just as the thought arose that we can never truly know another's truth.

"Five Great Stars."

The Stars of the Integrated Space Management Department entered.

'Mini. Ariana. Kira.'

Though most of the Ivory Tower's residents were injured or dead, there were still comrades to fight alongside.

"Let's go."

Syng decided to trust Sirone.

Electrical Phase Space.

In the invisible realm where electromagnetic waves crossed at light speed, the Administrators communicated.

It was merely a cold exchange of signals, but if those signals were expressed in human terms...

"Why did you do that?"

Anyone would think Argoneth was angry.

"Do what?"

"You could have killed him more certainly. Cutting his throat or destroying his brain would have been easy."

Taeseong's transmission came late.

"I don't know what you're talking about. Sirone's survival wasn't my intention. I simply did the best my program could do."

This time, Argoneth didn't respond.

The Administrators each managed their own sectors to prevent system interference.

'Why is she acting like this?'

If the information analyzed in Argoneth's sector were expressed in human terms, it would be like this:

'It's hard to believe the Gaia program changed its methods for humanity's sake. That would be a contradiction on the level of me not activating Cell Buster.'

'An error?'

Should she report to the upper sector?

A program should do so, but Argoneth couldn't bring herself to act.

"Stop it. If you're going to suspect me, I won't leave you alone either."

Though they were at equal levels, systemically speaking, Gaia was above Argoneth.

'She's blocking the source. Why is she acting like this?'

Argoneth asked.

"I don't want to conflict with you. If there's really no problem, we can leave the judgment to the core system."

"There is no problem."

Just as Argoneth was trying to find another route bypassing Taeseong, a new transmission came.

"I prevented humanity from obtaining Ultima."

It was Ruber.

"Well done. What about Sirone?"

"He escaped from Drimo. Was that Taeseong's work? I think it was an excellent judgment."

"He escaped?"

Argoneth's transmission surged strongly.

"Yes. I sent him. It was the only way to place restrictions on Ymir. Since there's no Ultima anyway, all that remains is humanity's destruction."

Is that so?

'Why are these guys acting like this?'

Argoneth suddenly had this doubt.

'Could it be that I'm the one with the error?'

Taeseong said.

"There's no need to think complicated. Aren't you also in a state where Cell Buster is sealed? If you suspect calculation errors as system errors, you can't be free from that either."

Mong-a asked.

"But where is the Hidden Code Administrator?"

Lethe of Oblivion.

The Administrators who realized the absence sent transmissions simultaneously, but there was no response.

"Now that's truly an error."

To send no signal at such a critical moment when the outside world's system was under attack.

Ruber said.

"We should do what we must do. In our respective sectors, destroy humanity and close this universe."

"Fine."

Argoneth approved.

"Let's conclude that there are no problems in each sector except for Lethe. No more judgment errors will be tolerated. From now on, I will monitor all programs."

Taeseong said coldly.

"If you can."

"...Disappointing."

Wouldn't a human have said it like this?

Thus the Administrators' conference ended, and Taeseong returned to her own system.

In the dark space where blue light passed, she knelt demurely.

'I can't report this.'

One command kept surging through her own system.

'Why?'

'Why?'

Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?

'What happened to me? What went wrong?'

Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?

Only questions without reason or source endlessly calculated in Taeseong's mind.

Finally, Lian arrived.

It was the deepest part of the Valley of Wailing, where originally a great river of fire had flowed in tributaries.

"Hah. Hah."

His body, which had carried the unconscious Sirone through waves of dark monks and demons, was covered in wounds.

But since enemies were still pursuing them, there was no time to tend to his own body.

"Kyaaaaaah!"

A frail woman's scream.

No, Jinseong-eum, connected to thousands of chains protruding from the valley, remained motionless.

Therefore, this was...

'A soul's scream.'

"Kyaaaaaaaah!"

Even Lian, who had been through everything, couldn't help but feel chilled to the bone at this moment.

"...Go."

Jinseong-eum, with limbs spread wide, slowly raised her head.

"Go... away."

Where a face might be, there was no emotion for a familiar person in her eyes.

'Terrible.'

Did she really intend to endure this pain forever?

"I am Lian."

"Go... away."

"From now on, I will save you. The shock will be quite severe, but please endure it."

"No... If you purify me, the other world will open... the world will become hell..."

"There's a way. I don't know it, but Sirone said so. You can return."

When Jinseong-eum closed her mouth, Lian set Sirone down and loosened his great sword.

The chain connecting sword and hand heated up as Idea glowed red-hot.

"Huuuuu!"

Gehenna's fire that purifies everything.

Lian had also endured terrible pain to get here, but this time would be on another dimension.

"I'm going."

Jinseong-eum nodded weakly, and Lian charged forward with a yaksha's face.

"Iyaaaaa!"

The moment the sword pierced the ground, the chains connected to the valley shook violently.

"Huuuuu!"

Seong-eum, who had never shown weakness except for her soul's screams, threw back her head.

"Kyaaaaaaaa!"

The chains reddened and finally caught fire, and all her karma began to be purified.

Lian's face contorted further.

'Endure. Endure.'

The magnitude of pain was shocking, but the identity of the despair he felt when first thrusting the great sword was...

'There's no end.'

It was an enormous karma that could be called that of all humanity.

Sinner!

Dark monks flew down from the sky, and the demons who had pursued Lian discovered Sirone.

"It's Yahweh! Kill Yahweh!"

'Damn!'

Lian was conflicted.

He could endure the pain, but trying harder wouldn't speed up the purification.

'Sirone told me to save Jinseong-eum. I am a knight. I must follow my lord's command.'

His senses, more acute than an insect's, caught the dark monks' chains, and he felt the ground's tremor close by.

"Kuuuuu!"

Lian twisted his body.

'I have to save Sirone!'

Before he could think, his body moved first, and just as he was about to pull out the great sword embedded in the ground.

"Stop."

A woman who had fallen from the sky extended her hand.

"Hii-ik!"

The demons recoiled in shock, and the dark monks didn't dare disobey the command.

"Lady Lethe."

After carefully observing the demons, she met eyes with Lian, whose body was even burning with fire.

'He actually went through with it. What an absurd human.'

She had thought no human in the world could endure even if Gehenna purified karma.

"You..."

"Stop."

The moment Lethe took a step forward, Lian crouched and took a stance ready to spring forward.

"Stay right there. The moment you move, the sword stuck in the ground will cut your throat."

It meant Jinseong-eum couldn't be used as a hostage, but Lethe thought differently.

'So this human has desperate moments too.'

She looked at Sirone collapsed on the ground.

'Yahweh.'

At the threshold between life and death, in the bardo, emotions manifest as tangible reality.

Therefore, Yahweh in a state of complete defenselessness was proof that he had truly forgiven.

Turning around again, Lethe said.

"Withdraw now. I will guard this place."

"Lady Lethe."

The demons were bewildered.

"Why do you block our attack? Isn't this the perfect opportunity to kill Yahweh?"

"I am..."

Though she wasn't confident she could convince them, Lethe opened her mouth with difficulty.

"I will fight on Yahweh's side."

There wasn't even murmuring.

All that could be felt was a sense of betrayal, and unprecedented hostility toward Lethe.

"Surely we misheard?"

"No, I mean exactly that. Yahweh forgave demons. Now that God tries to close the world, I follow Yahweh's will."

Lethe.

A dark monk spoke.

"Isn't there some error? An Administrator has no authority to refuse God's determined result."

"I do."

Lethe raised her head and lifted the corners of her mouth.

"Because I am the heart program."

Being the only Administrator that calculates emotions, even the variable of refusing God was possible.

Lethe turned her head slightly and said.

"Continue."

Lian hesitated briefly, but had no choice but to trust her.

"...I'm counting on you."

Once it became certain that she had joined hands with humans, the group's leader said.

"Understood."

And the next moment, all the demons rushed at Lethe, trembling with rage.

"Die! Abominable Lethe!"

At the sight of child-like beings rushing to kill her, Lethe's eyebrows rose sorrowfully.

'Abominable?'

You must have been truly sad too, Yahweh.

"Hoho."

The fire of purification lit in her two eyes, and soon her entire body blazed like a volcano.

"Come as many as you like."

Because she would forgive whatever sins they committed.

"I am your mother."

Lethe of Oblivion.