[540] Such a Problem (4)

As Marsha escaped from the engine room and ran through the tunnel, an enraged roar echoed from behind.

"I'll kill you!"

Marsha threw herself down and hid between the tracks and the platform.

'At least I stabbed him once.'

She had used two Patricide Daggers so far.

Once materialized, the tattoos disappear and can only be recreated after 24 hours.

'Five left.'

She thrust her hand deep into her left thigh and pulled out another dagger.

The gas discharge rate was 1 percent per minute, requiring 100 minutes to completely exhaust, but enduring that long would be impossible.

'I need to stab him at least two more times.'

At a discharge rate of 3 percent per minute, even if saturated, she could exhaust him in 33 minutes.

As the tunnel flickered with unstable red light, Marsha hastily threw herself to the opposite side.

Simultaneously, a massive fireball smashed the train.

"Crazy...!"

Her blood running cold, Marsha climbed onto the platform and sprinted through the complex pathways.

"Think you can escape!"

Molta cast teleportation and appeared on the platform.

But at that moment, the gas emission ceased and the black smoke disappeared.

"What?"

The last smoke trail he saw was turning around a corner, but he didn't dare approach carelessly.

'The wound is still there.'

That meant it was an application of an irregular technique.

As Molta suspected, Marsha was hiding under the escalator with her magic temporarily suspended.

When the Spirit Zone is blocked, the Patricide Dagger disappears and the Desire Gas also stops emitting.

'Now four left...'

One had disappeared without even being used, but that was just the result.

"Come out! Cowardly as befits someone from the streets!"

'He's talking nonsense.'

As if proving it was provocation, Molta was protecting his body with passive magic and searching the surroundings with only his Spirit Zone.

'He's increasing his agility for counterattacks.'

When Marsha approached with teleportation and activated the Patricide Dagger, gas began emitting again.

Rolling like a cat to avoid Molta's magic, she slashed his ankle as she passed, creating a new wound.

'It pierced through Earth Skin?'

The Patricide Dagger ignores physical defense.

"Kyaak!"

A powerful Air Press slammed Marsha to the floor.

An impact that felt like her spine would break surged through her, but facing the blazing fireball in Molta's hand, she had no time to feel pain.

An explosion occurred with a bang, and Marsha escaped the radius by tackling Molta's waist.

'At this distance, he can't cast area magic.'

The dagger plunged into Molta's side with a thud.

"Annoying bitch!"

As Molta punched Marsha's jaw and grabbed her wrist to pull it away, Marsha reached behind her back with her other hand and pulled out a Patricide Dagger from her buttock cleft.

"Hyaaaaa!"

She frantically stabbed his side with it, instantly adding four more wounds.

"Damn it!"

When Molta cast flame magic despite the damage, an explosion occurred with a bang, sending both flying in opposite directions.

"Heuuuup..."

Marsha trembled from the pain that felt like it was melting her skin.

'That makes seven.'

At a gas emission rate of 7 percent per minute, Molta would be finished in roughly 10 minutes.

"Uooooo!"

Having black gas spewing from his entire body was horrific for the one experiencing it.

Molta's full-power Hellfire devastated the subway interior.

"Haa! Haa!"

Feeling his strength drain as time passed, Molta finally guessed what the irregular technique's ability was.

'So that's what it was.'

Thinking time was running out, Molta pressed his attack even more fiercely and finally cornered Marsha against a dead-end wall.

"Die, you fool!"

Two massive pillars of fire twisted like a braid and gathered above Molta's head.

"Heoeoeoek!"

Then Molta's eyes widened and the magic disappeared.

"Time's up."

Having expelled all the Desire Gas, Molta collapsed to his knees with a thud, powerless.

His body had no strength left, as if he had run up a mountain all day.

"Kuk! To think I would be defeated by something like you..."

Marsha approached, clutching her burned right arm. After looking at Molta for a moment, she kicked his jaw hard.

"Kuk!"

Without even the strength to resist, he fell backward and hit his head on the floor, losing consciousness.

"What are you doing with your hands?"

Sighing, Marsha dragged Molta toward the engine room.

When everyone returned, Marsha had her burns treated with Fermi's healing magic.

When she reported Molta's actions, Miro instructed Lian to bring out the wife who had been locked in the room and made her kneel before her husband.

"Honey! What's going on? Honey!"

Even though she was fake, it was too shameful to speak of in front of his wife, so Molta's mouth wouldn't open.

"It seems your husband harbored ill intentions toward our group. Has he had such a history before?"

Hearing Fermi's words, the wife looked stunned with shock.

"Honey. Is it true? Really... really that woman..."

Molta's eyes bulged as he shouted.

"What are you doing now! Just kill me! I'm sick of living in this damn world anyway!"

"We can't do that. This will be a good case study."

Miro looked at Fermi and asked.

"What are you planning to do?"

"Leave it to me. It's a good opportunity to see how Minority Conception combines information. I'll torture Molta while observing his wife's reactions. I'll experiment with the reverse case too."

"That won't do."

Lian opposed without needing to think.

"It won't do? Why?"

"Because it's cruel."

"Hahahaha!"

Fermi laughed, truly finding it absurd.

"Aren't you mistaken about something? I'm not trying to punish them. This is a lawless world anyway. It's just a good opportunity to predict Sirone's condition."

"I've never thought about such things. What's important is that the wife is innocent."

"Then think about it. Don't say stupid things."

Fermi tapped his head as he spoke.

"We know this place is fake. That is, we're in an 'open state.' On the other hand, Molta's wife is in a 'closed state.'"

Only what is trapped is real.

"The quality of information accepted differs completely depending on what state you're in. So what about Sirone? He's in a 'closed state.' He's meaningfully accepting this world's information. Therefore, there's a high possibility he differs from the Sirone we know in personality and temperament."

Fermi pointed at Molta's wife.

"Even living with her husband, the information wasn't perfectly restored. Because she's trapped. Therefore, we have no choice but to apply a shock greater than 'encounter.'"

Fermi clicked his tongue as if annoyed and grabbed the wife's head.

"I'll take her to the room first. There I'll..."

When a great sword suddenly appeared before his eyes, Fermi stopped speaking and turned his head with a cold expression.

"No. No matter how I think about it, this isn't right."

"...Are you really stupid? How can you think like you're in a closed state when you're in an open state? You're not a microorganism."

"It's not a matter of state. Real or fake, I can't tolerate myself tormenting someone who's done nothing wrong."

"It's troublesome if you're this uncooperative."

"I'll cooperate. I'll risk my life to restore Sirone. So won't you trust my words this time?"

Lian and Fermi stared at each other for a long while.

"Phew."

Finally, Fermi raised both hands and stepped back as if he had lost.

"Fine. This is really frustrating. Are you really Sirone's friend?"

"Sirone is smart and cool-headed. I'm certain he's more so than you. But..."

Lian also lowered his great sword.

"Sirone would have made the same judgment as me."

A moment of silence followed.

"Well, that might be possible. I apologize for doubting your friendship."

Fermi, who had been stepping back, suddenly turned around.

"But I'm not Sirone."

As Air Cut magic was cast from Fermi's hand, Molta's neck was severed with a thud.

"Honeyyyy!"

Ignoring the wife's scream, Fermi grabbed Molta's hair and thrust his face forward.

"Look, can you see? It's your husband's face. He died because of you. Does anything come to mind now?"

"Kyaaaak! Kyaaaak!"

"Scream all you want. But think about it. You're fake. The real one is already dead."

"No, no! That can't be! I, I..."

The wife looked up at the ceiling with a shocked face.

"Vegetative state...?"

Fermi's eyes sparkled.

'This is it!'

As the wife immediately lost consciousness and collapsed, Fermi rested his chin on his hand and muttered regretfully.

"A shock equivalent to death, or greater. It's quite difficult, but still, for now..."

"You bastard!"

The moment Lian charged with his great sword, Marsha ran over and hugged his waist.

"Wait, Lian! Hold back!"

"Let go! Are you taking that bastard's side?"

"I thought the same as you! But it's already done! Let's be rational! If we can't turn it back, then rather..."

"Uaaaah!"

Lian shook off Marsha and charged forward.

'Rational! Rational! Efficiency! Efficiency!'

A mage's words are always right.

But then what about these boiling emotions that feel like they'll explode in his chest?

"I won't forgive you!"

As the great sword fell toward Fermi, dozens of phantom hands appeared and caught the blade.

When Miro extended both arms, Lian flew to the end of the living room and landed in a sword-ready stance.

"What? If you're also going to talk about being rational..."

"No. I fully understand your feelings. But I want you to know this. If you kill Fermi, Sirone will never return."

"No. I'll save Sirone myself."

"Then all the more reason to stop. Time is pressing."

Lian lowered his sword and asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Even if Sirone's information is 100 percent restored, we can't guarantee the signature on the contract will be valid. That's what you're thinking, right, Fermi?"

"Yes. What I realized when I first came here is that even in a virtual world, the avatar and laws are separate. Therefore, there are two reasons we need to find Sirone as quickly as possible."

Fermi held up two fingers.

"First, if Sirone has an accident or dies, information recombination becomes impossible. This can be verified by killing Molta's wife."

Before Lian could snap back, Fermi continued.

"But that possibility is extremely low. Actually, even if we don't search for him, Sirone will be found soon. I hate to admit it, but his situational judgment is incredibly fast. Even if you abandon him in a desert, he'd build a sand castle and survive."

That was something Lian acknowledged too.

"Apocalypse's information will endlessly change Sirone. Because he's in a closed state. In a dangerous world, there's sufficient possibility for magic to manifest. He might even reach the stage of wielding magic exactly like in reality."

Marsha said.

"But even so, he wouldn't be the real Sirone."

"He'll be surviving while making maximum use of the situation. That's what I would do. If he has leisure, he might actively scheme something. Anyway, we'll meet him. However, that will be Apocalypse's Sirone."

"Phew."

Fermi looked at Lian, who was sighing.

"Do you understand now? Molta's wife is important information. If Sirone is perfectly reconstructed in Apocalypse, the only method is to make him realize this place is fake. But that's definitely insane."

Miro said.

"It's easy if you apply it to reality. Even if someone told us the real world was false, we could never accept it."

Fermi shrugged and said.

"Yes. That's the problem."