[538] Such Problems (2)

"O Avatar of Ra! Grant us eternal life! Bodies that do not die!"

As the shouts spread beyond the city, the executives looked down at the ground to check if there were any signs of the underground dwellers stirring.

Since they couldn't pour cold water on the good atmosphere, the priest stepped forward and naturally proceeded with the ceremony.

"Now we shall decide the colony's consul."

"This is unacceptable!"

The consul shouted with eyes mixed with anger and fear.

"That bastard is an ancient! Our slave! How can the great children of the sun be ruled by a slave!"

People responded to his desperate protest with murmurs.

While light was the only sustenance for the children of the sun, the situation of being ruled by a slave overnight was certainly not pleasant.

"Think about it! How could one who is not a child of the sun wield light? It's trickery. It's not the language of god! If his abilities were to disappear someday, what would you endure the darkness with then?"

As the atmosphere of people being persuaded continued, a gaunt man with bat wings approached the priest.

It was Ekser, one of the guardians.

"Priest, did you see the language of god in that boy?"

While the priest answered Ekser, Shirone approached the consul to convey that he didn't want to escalate things.

"Look, I have no intention of gaining anything from this confrontation. If you don't cause harm, I'll also remain in this colony..."

Before he could finish speaking, the consul's head was severed.

Looking up, Ekser was floating upside down in the sky, having swung two swords in an X-shape.

Landing lightly, he walked to the edge of the ceiling as if he had been walking on the ground all along and announced to the people.

"With this, the colony's consul has been decided. If there are any objections, be sure to find me."

"Waaaaah!"

The people shouted in unison.

Since the sun must exist, they had no choice in the matter.

On the other hand, Shirone was not particularly pleased.

The fact that they had beheaded with a single stroke someone they had revered like the sun just an hour ago allowed him to gauge the consul's fate.

'Let's accept it for now. To survive here, I need to use everything I can.'

Returning to the temple, Shirone sat on the throne.

The four guardians paired up to guard the left and right sides of the throne, and the priest bowed his head while explaining the consul's role.

It wasn't difficult official duties anyway.

The slaves would handle miscellaneous tasks, and Shirone only needed to illuminate the colony with light magic.

In return, what he could gain was absolute power.

Just as all ants sacrifice their lives for a queen ant who only has reproductive abilities, as long as light entered the colony, Shirone could do anything in the sacred and inviolable realm.

'I've gained the power to scheme something for now. But I can't live my whole life as a fluorescent light. For me to survive.'

He had to rebuild human civilization.

Moreover, this was the greatest thought a human could have in a destroyed world.

Shirone looked back at the priest and asked.

"What's your name?"

"It is Bebeto. I was born with the ability to see the language of god."

Bebeto explained how the guardians were born.

'Hmm, mutants. From the tree of life...'

Starting with the priest, the guardians introduced themselves one by one, and finally a giant man beat his chest and spoke.

"I am called Targang. I am a guardian born with explosive abilities."

"Explosive abilities?"

Rolling up his sleeves, Targang demonstrated directly.

When he clenched his fist, his muscles turned rock-like and small crater-like holes opened up.

"Hup!"

With a bang, gas exploded and flames spewed around his arm.

"I demonstrated weakly since it's before the consul, but it's not like this against the underground dwellers. Please entrust me with combat."

Having somewhat confirmed the guardians' capabilities, Shirone nodded and came down the stairs.

"Was it Ekser?"

Shirone's eyes flashed sharply.

"Yes. Do you have orders?"

"From now on, under any circumstances, do not act independently without receiving my instructions."

He was referring to how Ekser had cut down the consul like an assassination.

"However, two suns in the colony..."

"I know that. What I'm saying is that we must be cautious before irreversible choices. For example, in conflicts with hostile forces, he could have been used as a negotiation tool."

There was no such thing as negotiation in the colony's system.

But since the consul's word was law, Ekser accepted without room for argument.

"I will keep that in mind."

Since he had been able to seize power easily thanks to this anyway, Shirone didn't bring up the matter further.

"Since the night is deep, go back and rest. I'll officially execute official duties starting tomorrow morning."

The four guardians disappeared like wind as when they first appeared, and Bebeto also connected a cord and vanished.

Sitting alone on the throne, Shirone rested his chin on his hand and fell into thought.

'There will be a lot to do from now on. To achieve my purpose, I need to strengthen governance. Let me steel my resolve.'

Though it was the consul's position that all children of the sun looked up to, for Shirone it was only a matter directly connected to survival.

In the underground facility shrouded in thick darkness, dozens of monitors lit up simultaneously.

In this place that was the source of mucus, where not even flying insects could approach, let alone animals, a black shadow passing between the monitors had a human form.

"Energy mass gauge check. Holdings 428 percent."

The mid-low voice and the sound of typing on the keyboard harmonized well in the silence.

The computer that recognized the voice pulled up program lines that filled the monitor.

"Purification system activation. Code number 387."

With a tap of enter, thousands of lines of programming language scrolled endlessly upward.

The noise of fans filled the room, and the monitors running the program flashed brightly.

"Complete. Program termination."

Dozens of monitors turned off simultaneously, and the silhouette also disappeared into the darkness.

Ten minutes later, hundreds of projectiles shot up into the sky from all directions of the city, spewing jets.

Whoooosh!

As if a hole had been punched in the sky, rain poured down from early morning.

Though thick dark clouds covering the sky blocked the sun, the colony's people came out cheering.

"Rain, it's rain! Finally it's raining!"

"Oh! Great Ra! Bless us!"

The children of the sun filled their mouths with the water of life falling from the sky, while slaves were moving giant water containers outside one after another.

"Hmm hmm. Hmm hmm hmm."

Yoha had been in a good mood since morning.

Not only because of the rain falling after 60 days, but because she would be serving a new consul from today.

She was humming meaninglessly while grooming herself, looking at her face reflected in her palm that had turned into a silver mirror, when the door banged loudly.

"Hey, what are you doing? Didn't you hear the consul's orders?"

"I know. I'm coming out now."

Outside the door, all three guardians had gathered.

Targang frowned at Yoha's appearance, having applied color around her eyes and changed into clean clothes.

"What's this? Did you photosynthesize too long? Why do you look like that?"

"Mind your own business. Let's go quickly. We'll be late for the morning assembly at this rate."

"You were the latest one."

Targang grumbled at Yoha's back as she left the room.

On the path up to the temple, they spotted priest Bebeto hurrying along, and Karof spoke to him.

"It's raining."

"Hehe, Ra is also welcoming the new consul. By the way, are you just heading up now?"

"Yes. I received urgent orders."

Bebeto smacked his lips.

"I'm in the same situation. There's nothing particular to do in the colony, but he says he'll hold assemblies every morning. What he said to Ekser yesterday too, this consul certainly has peculiar aspects."

No one mentioned Shirone's origins, and Karof skillfully changed the subject.

"But this time it was a bit late. On average, it rained once every 30 days, but lately it seems to be getting gradually later."

Since it could be inferred just from the sky fish that there were no oceans in the apocalyptic world, no one knew the reason for rain.

They simply dismissed it as another miracle of Ra, just like humans growing from the tree of life.

"The guardians of the sun receive the consul's summons."

The guardians who entered the temple prostrated themselves before the throne.

The slaves who had been attending to the consul until now were nowhere to be seen, and Shirone alone greeted them with solemn eyes.

"It seems like a person has changed in just one day. Even in ancient times, he wouldn't have been an ordinary figure."

While the priest was thinking this, Shirone spoke.

"From today, as one who commands the colony, I will actively engage in governance. Therefore, the guardians shall attend morning assemblies daily and report results."

Karof spoke with an apologetic expression.

"However, the colony is peaceful. Also, there's no need for the great avatar of Ra to trouble himself..."

Shirone cut him off and asked.

"How many colonies are there in this city?"

While the guardians looked at each other, the priest stepped forward.

"It's not exact, but we estimate about three."

"Estimate? You live in the same city but don't even know how many colonies there are?"

"The children of the sun only follow Ra's will. As long as there's an avatar of Ra over there too, we have no reason to interfere."

'It's similar to ant society.'

Even among ants of the same species, ultimately what becomes the focal point is not the species but the queen.

"Then from now on, we make contact. Guardians, find the nearest colony and tell them that this side's consul desires negotiation."

Targang raised his head.

"I have absolutely no intention of defying orders, but... why must we do this?"

In an apocalypse where control is everything, suns meeting suns is certainly an awkward matter.

But Shirone intended to change this world.

"I will propose an alliance. We can't stay trapped in the colony forever. Outside, there are devices that can produce light. But there are too many risk factors to attempt it immediately. I intend to join hands with the city's colonies and accomplish that task."

Ekser said.

"Only the consul is our light. We need no other light."

That might be true for the children of the sun.

But then what about the ancients?

Including those who had been brainwashed, all those countless people still sleeping in artificial hibernation devices would never be happy in this world.

"Are you saying you cannot follow my orders?"

The guardians who realized their mistake hurriedly bowed their heads.

Personal doubts were a luxury before the sun that was the future of their race.

"We apologize. However, whom shall we send? If you give instructions, we will risk our lives to complete the mission."

"Since outside the colony is dangerous, it would be best to send as many as possible. Three guardians will handle negotiations, and the remaining one will guide me."

The first instruction was reasonable, but the second was incomprehensible.

"Guide, where do you mean?"

"From today, I will investigate the city. Since the sun is up during the day, it should be fine to leave the colony."

The priest cried out in shock.

"You cannot! It's too dangerous! If something happens to the consul, the colony will... Ugh!"

Bebeto flinched upon seeing Shirone's bulging eyes.

What he had forgotten was that this consul not only wielded light but also possessed excellent combat abilities.

'Well, he's someone who wouldn't lose to the guardians either. What to do about this.'

The guardians also looked troubled.

No matter how strong his combat power, it was unprecedented for a consul, who was the colony's top protection priority, to go outside.

"I will guide the consul!"

Breaking the hesitant atmosphere, Yoha jumped up and spoke.

"Please entrust it to me! Whether underground dwellers or mucus, I will protect the consul in any situation!"

"Hmm."

Looking at Shirone who finally showed a satisfied expression, Yoha quietly raised the corners of her mouth.