[792] Betafish (2)

When Sirone and Justin returned to the guild, their subordinates were busy restoring the buildings they had damaged.

Despite such a huge commotion, no one came around except acquaintances from neighboring guilds.

While this guild was known for frequent incidents and accidents, Sirone was certain the security forces had intervened.

"Enough. Everyone stop what you're doing."

At Justin's words, the woman at the counter, who had been sniffling in sorrow, stopped cleaning.

"Ah, damn it!"

One-Eye threw down his hammer in frustration after failing to properly nail boards together.

'You're the one who broke everything in the first place.'

He had said he didn't want to fight.

"So, is our talk finished? This better be something that doesn't warrant damage compensation."

Justin said to the black-haired man.

"Guild members - gather all those idiots who are out playing around and come to Gader's inn. We'll talk there."

"Yes."

As the black-haired man swiftly departed, she turned to look at Sirone.

"We live and die together. These are the guys I've been with since the early days of exile. What you told me - you'll need to be able to say the same thing to them."

"Of course."

As Sirone and Justin left the building, two men wearing longswords scratched their heads and watched.

"What the hell is going on that's got them so serious?"

Having rented the largest room at Gader's inn, Sirone laid out the whole story to the eight mercenaries.

"So... that Havitz guy, the emperor of the Gustav Empire - you want our boss to assassinate him?"

"Exactly."

One-Eye asked.

"Are you out of your mind?"

"I don't think it's a bad proposal."

Sirone looked at Justin.

"You can't keep hiding forever. If you want to break this chain of bad blood, now is the opportunity."

She still didn't respond.

"I'm not asking you to do everything. All the preliminary preparations will be handled by our team - the best elites."

"Then what do you want from me?"

She truly wanted to know.

"Hatred. We need your hatred."

"Hatred..."

Justin remembered every single moment of her long life spent fleeing from Havitz, not missing even an instant.

'Of course I hate him.'

Crawling, getting beaten, sometimes killing.

It was an environment more wretched than wild beasts, and before meeting her team members, it was a life lonelier than a criminal's.

'I want to kill him!'

Her teeth ground together as she clenched both fists.

'Havitz!'

But the moment she imagined the face of the demon she had never even seen, a terror that seemed to melt her organs washed over her.

"Hnghhh!"

Of course she had escaped, but as a result, Havitz had destroyed everything except her.

Her parents, brothers, sisters, even the families of family members, the brothers and sisters of those families...

'That wasn't murder. It was bombardment.'

There had been times when she wanted to know why such disaster had befallen them.

But when she realized she was perhaps the only survivor in the world to escape Havitz's clutches.

'Revenge? How dare someone like me?'

She tried to grab her trembling wrist to calm herself, but the more she tried, the worse the trembling became.

'I'm scared.'

She was terrifyingly afraid of Havitz.

"Boss..."

As One-Eye looked at her pitifully, Justin struck the back of her own hand countless times.

"Damn it! Damn it!"

And when the trembling finally subsided, she glared at Sirone with cold eyes.

"See? This is my reality. Forget killing - in this state, I can't even fire a gun."

"You don't need a gun."

Justin's eyebrows twitched.

"Didn't you say I would be the one to kill Havitz?"

"Yes. But you'll use a dagger."

"What bullshit? I'm a sniper. Close combat isn't even my specialty, and if it's a dagger..."

"No, it's sniping."

Sirone interrupted.

"The distance from Havitz will be at least 120 kilometers. You won't be in any danger."

"...No gun can shoot that far."

"That's why I said we need hatred. You can make the shot."

Sirone's words had been incomprehensible from the start.

'No, what this guy is saying must be right.'

The reason it still didn't make sense was because he came from a world they hadn't experienced.

One-Eye said.

"Let's do it, Boss. This is an opportunity. We don't matter, but your skills are too good to rot here."

Having organized a mercenary group under Justin's name, expanding their influence would have been a distant dream.

"Let's settle this decisively and go out into the real world. Besides..."

One-Eye said, blushing.

"Boss should get married too."

At the random comment, everyone turned to look at One-Eye, and the counter woman asked incredulously.

"Don't tell me you like the boss..."

"What nonsense! I may only have one eye, but I can clearly see what women look like!"

Justin turned her head.

"Really? I'd consider you if you're interested."

One-Eye's single eye widened.

"R-really?"

"Of course not, you idiot."

"..."

Having silenced One-Eye, Justin turned back to Sirone.

"Fine, let's say I killed Havitz. But what then? Who's going to protect us after assassinating the empire's emperor?"

"Ah..."

That was indeed a problem.

"Naturally, Kashan would..."

The table shook with a bang.

"Bullshit. The reward for risking our lives is just another life of running? I'm sick of living while watching the whims of those in high places."

Sirone understood her.

"Then is there something else you want?"

"Hmm, to answer that, I need to ask something first. What exactly is your position? Don't think about downplaying it. Even with all this commotion, not a single guard showed up. I know this is your doing."

"That's right. I'm a mage affiliated with the Ivory Tower."

"Ivory Tower?"

The black-haired man said.

"From what I know... it's a place that researches magic."

"Wow, what an amazing coincidence. I learned the same thing in kindergarten."

When Justin was sarcastic, the black-haired man shrugged.

"They say it ranks higher than kings."

"Good."

Having grasped Sirone's social status, Justin shifted her posture and began negotiations.

"Listen carefully. The Justin Mercenary Group is small but elite. It's funny for me to say this after getting beaten by you, but..."

"No. Everyone had excellent skills."

"If you understand that, this'll be quick. Get us into Guardian King, Arachne's top mercenary guild. Of course, not just regular membership. You'll need to give me at least a squad leader position."

"That's a bit..."

"This isn't nepotism. It's proper compensation for all the time we've lived in hiding."

Yahweh is omnipotent, but cannot force sacrifice from someone for another's benefit.

"I've been in guild life briefly. They value contribution as much as skill. It would cause discord in the guild."

It wouldn't only be the Justin Mercenary Group bound by strong camaraderie.

"What? You can't even do that much and you're talking big?"

Justin got angry.

"Let me be clear - if it's not Guardian King level, I absolutely won't make a deal. This is a struggle for my life."

"Hmm."

Silverling would have been disbanded in Radum, and the only guild he could personally ask would be the Parrot Mercenary Group.

"Sister Marsha..."

"What?"

When Sirone came to his senses and looked up, the Justin team members were staring with wide eyes.

"What did you just say? Marsha? Clay Marsha?"

"Yes. Do you know the Parrot Mercenary Group?"

Rather, Justin was astounded.

"Of course I know them. Parrot is one of the world's top 10 mercenary guilds. The Fallen Saint. Who in this business doesn't know Marsha?"

'World top 10 guild?'

It was an achievement made in the four years since leaving Galiant.

'Well, she is smart.'

It seemed she had properly managed the massive support received from Uorin in exchange for helping with the maze in Undercoder.

'Right, if it's Parrot, it's possible.'

The Fallen Saint, Clay Marsha.

If she was the godmother of abandoned wolves, she would open a path for the Justin Mercenary Group too.

"Alright. I'll introduce you to the Parrot Mercenary Group. I'll propose the squad leader position too. So we have a deal?"

"No way. What kind of deal is this? Obviously only after confirming Marsha's approval."

Justin spun her finger in circles.

"I heard they were stationed in the Iron Kingdom until recently, but they're so elusive. You'd better find them quickly. I might change my mind."

Confident that she held the initiative, she raised the corner of her mouth and watched Sirone's reaction.

"There's no need to go looking directly."

Sirone asked calmly.

"Is there... a Terraforce temple nearby?"

True to its reputation as a famous exile nation, Arachne had many religions coexisting.

The Terraforce temple was also small but had established a temple on the outskirts of Bengol and was recruiting believers.

"Excuse me."

Sirone grabbed a random priest and greeted him.

"Welcome. May Terraforce's grace be with you. How may I help you?"

"Do you... truly believe in Terraforce?"

Channeling was difficult without being in a trance state.

"Of course. The great god Terraforce guides all humans toward good. Those who regard it as evil..."

"Then please change that god."

"What? What did you just..."

As the priest frowned as if it were blasphemous, Sirone sighed and said.

"Chief Justice, you're listening, aren't you?"

Simultaneously, the priest convulsed, then rolled back his eyes and looked up at the sky.

"Hexa, you were lucky with this apostasy case. If I hadn't filibustered in the council..."

He seemed to have a lot to say.

"Ah, let's talk about that next time. I have something urgent to tell someone named Clay Marsha."

"...What's the message?"

The Chief Justice's voice through the priest showed disappointment, but Sirone didn't care and conveyed the message.

Two hours later.

At a tavern in the Iron Kingdom.

The executives of the Parrot Mercenary Group, who had rented the entire building for three days, were drinking from midday.

While their godmother Marsha trimmed her nails in a corner, the door creaked open.

"Boss. Boss Marsha."

A sub-leader of the 10th squad entered, holding the collar of a white-haired boy overcome with emotion.

One of the executives asked.

"What's going on? Get out if you're here to borrow booze."

"No, that's not it. This kid had some day-drinking, then after sleeping it off, he's talking nonsense."

The white-haired boy said.

"It's not nonsense. I saw it. God gave me a revelation."

"Come here, our cute little one."

Marsha, who called the white-haired boy over, lowered her eyes and diagnosed his mental state.

"You didn't do drugs? What did you dream about?"

"My great god told me to deliver a message to the boss. You must go to Arachne right now."

Marsha, with a cigarette in her mouth, grinned.

"What? Does god recognize my beauty too? Is he telling me to enter a beauty contest?"

"They don't even accept applications from anyone over thirty."

At Freeman's words, Marsha pouted, then pulled the boy's neck close and said.

"So, our little one. Why did that great god tell me to go to Arachne?"

"H-he said this."

The boy didn't leave out a single word.

"Hexa, no, Yahweh, no, Sirone is waiting there."

"...Hmm."

After sending the boy away, she fell into thought, then exhaled cigarette smoke in a long stream.

"What kind of god stutters?"