Ivory Tower Grand Assembly (4)

Upon reaching the top floor of the Ivory Tower, Araka from my government was preparing spatial movement.

"Sirone."

Minerva from the Human Safety Enforcement Department greeted Sirone's group.

"Miss Minerva."

Though she was detached from worldly affairs, her appearance fully equipped in witch's garb and holding a staff was anything but ordinary.

Ruber approached leading the Stars.

"We meet again." After a light bow, she took in each of the Stars from the Integrated Space Management Department with her eyes.

The others were somewhat familiar, but Kira was unfamiliar even to Minerva.

'So that child is Kira.'

Saint Kira the Corpse Collector.

An undead-type mage who was once called the second Minerva—a catastrophic figure.

"Greetings! This is our first meeting! I'm Kira!"

Despite having quite a career of activity in the Ivory Tower, she still maintained military discipline.

That aspect was rather eerie.

"Right. Let's get along well from now on." Though just pleasantries, in the situation before the Grand Assembly, it was clearly a statement with purpose.

Mini cupped her chin.

'Well, Miss Minerva also participated in the <법살> project, so she can't back out. A community of fate, I suppose.'

Sirone checked the members of the Human Safety Enforcement Department.

There was Saint Noe floating in the air, and behind it, men with fierce expressions were positioned.

"Who are those people?"

Minerva turned her head.

"Ah, let me introduce them. They're Stars of the Human Safety Enforcement Department. This one is..." Before the introduction could even begin, a man with countless sword scars on his face approached.

It was Raska, a 3-star resident of the Ivory Tower, a metal mage with the nickname "Butcher."

"Heh heh, sis. Is this that brat? The one you said you wanted to personally deflower?"

Receiving Sirone's glare, Minerva shrugged her shoulders.

"Obviously it was a joke."

Raska approached Sirone.

"Listen up, brat. I don't care if you're one of the Five Great Saints or whatever. If you lay even a fingertip on our big sis..."

The moment Raska exchanged gazes with Sirone, he felt an eerie sensation and hastily stopped walking.

'What is this?'

It definitely wasn't killing intent.

Indeed, there was no hostility to be found in Sirone's appearance as he innocently blinked his eyes.

'Am I afraid?'

He was someone who could withstand to some degree even Minerva's killing intent as she emanated the aura of death.

'What exactly am I afraid of?'

The fact that he couldn't understand only fueled his fear more.

"Tch!"

As Raska retreated, forgetting even his dignity as a Star, Ruber nodded slightly.

'He has transcendent senses.'

The fact that he could perceive through eye contact alone the benevolent madness that even Mong had confirmed in Sirone's Rem domain was certainly impressive.

'As expected of a 3-star.'

The Human Safety Enforcement Department dealt with disasters and crimes occurring in the human world.

Ironically, except for Saint Noe, they were villains who had once terrorized the world.

Minerva hit the back of Raska's head.

"Ow! Why'd you hit me, sis!"

"That's what you get for making such a fool of yourself when you can't even follow through. You're making me look bad."

"No, sis said he was interesting, so I was trying to see what kind of guy he was."

Minerva sighed, but she too sensed Sirone's change.

'Right. You're going mad too, Sirone.'

It was also true that this wasn't a world one could endure with a sound mind.

"Sorry. I'll apologize on his behalf. As you can see, the people in our department are complete scumbags."

"It's fine."

Sirone spoke briefly.

He didn't specify what was fine, but it probably wouldn't have mattered what it was anyway.

Minerva introduced the Stars and satellites of the Human Safety Enforcement Department one by one.

There were no 2-star members, but besides Raska there was one more 3-star, and she introduced even the 1-star residents.

"Five people total. Sixteen Stars. That's the second highest number among the five departments. Combined with the Integrated Space Management Department, that's 28. This should be enough to put up a fight."

"What do you mean by fight?"

"As you know, the roles of the five departments are each different. We handle disasters and crimes, the Balance Department handles world stability, the System Inspection Department specializes in national affairs, and the Law Department governs laws as the name suggests."

Minerva raised her index finger.

"For example, if a powerful demon descends, the Human Safety Enforcement Department and Law Department get involved. If the descent location is within a nation, the System Inspection Department is included too. The problem is that each has different perspectives on solutions. That's when your department is needed—the Integrated Space Management Department."

It wasn't coincidence that the Five Great Saints of the Integrated Space Management Department had traditionally assisted the Taeseong.

"But now the situation has changed. Honestly... we were defeated miserably, weren't we? I don't know how the other departments will respond. In such times, the number of Stars could be a criterion for the Taeseong to make judgments."

"Hmm, judgment."

"Just like the last Grand Assembly, the scope of this Grand Assembly's agenda is the entire world. We'll establish countermeasures not only for Havitz but also for Zion's situation and preparations for Nane."

Sirone's head snapped up.

"Did you find Nane?"

"No. Even the Taeseong's ability Gaia cannot locate Nane's position. Beside him is Syura, the God of Lies."

Syura, ranked 7th in the Ten Lords—with her Gestalt, avoiding the world's attention was an easy task.

In the deep mountains of the central continent.

In pristine nature where not a soul could be found, there was one man tilling a field.

It was quite a sight to see someone with tattoos covering not just his face but his entire body wielding a hoe.

"Master."

Hearing a voice from afar, Nane straightened his back.

"Eat this before continuing."

Wearing tattered rags and a towel wrapped around her head, Syura approached carrying a tray on her head.

"You're working hard."

Though quite some time had passed since they turned their backs on human society and hid deep in the mountains, Nane's enlightenment had not advanced even slightly.

"If you feel bad about making me suffer, hurry up and gain enlightenment. The outside world is in chaos right now."

Nane gulped down water and turned his eyes.

"Outside?"

"They say a human named Havitz has become utterly evil. Hell's army is devastating kingdoms."

"I see."

Nane gazed at the horizon, lost in thought.

"When do you think you'll become Buddha?"

"If I wished to, right now." Syura's face brightened immediately.

"Have you finally grasped the secret of the world? Then please bestow your teachings! Quickly!"

Syura was anxious, but Nane merely smiled an inscrutable smile.

"There's something I need to confirm first."

Nane pulled seeds from his pocket.

"What are those?"

"I don't know. I've been collecting them one by one during my walks. If I plant these, they'll sprout."

After planting the seeds, Nane covered them with soil.

"I don't know what will sprout, but let's start from here. This is the beginning."

Syura pondered Nane's words and asked.

"Planting seeds?"

"No."

Nane looked down at the ground with warm eyes.

"The heart."

The heart that wants to plant seeds.

'This is good for now. So let's watch, Sirone. What this world is...'

It wasn't yet time to make a judgment.

"It's spring."

Syura's gaze followed the sky that Nane was looking at.

In the Grand Temple, 27 Stars with their respective satellites, Araka from the Internal Affairs Department, and the Recorder were seated.

Arranged in a fan formation centered on the Taeseong, their eyes burned with fighting spirit as if they had come to enemy territory.

"Now everyone has gathered in one place."

The moment the Taeseong's mouth opened, all the Stars simultaneously bowed their heads.

"We greet the Taeseong."

Araka gulped at the sight of these individuals, each having achieved mastery in their respective fields, crying out in unison.

'Truly incredible.'

She couldn't imagine what could be accomplished when all of them moved with one will.

'The problem is that's impossible.'

That was probably why they were holding this Grand Assembly.

"As this is the only official gathering in the Ivory Tower, I too will observe proper etiquette. Before hearing your opinions on the current situation, let's briefly examine the world's state of affairs."

As Gaia's ability activated, the front of the Grand Temple revealed earthly scenery as if viewed from high altitude.

Araka held her head.

"Good heavens..."

From such a height that even massive things weren't visible, the advance routes of hell's army could be clearly seen.

"Approximately 50 million troops are advancing toward Kashan and extending toward the central continent. What do you think?"

The Stars remained silent, their faces calm.

Amanta from the Balance Department opened his mouth.

"Eliminating the demons is..."

"Wait. Sorry, Amanta." The Taeseong interrupted.

"Before discussing the utterly evil, there's something you need to know first. Currently, there are three humans who have reached the Transcendent realm. Of course, we have one as well, but..."

No one turned their gaze, but Sirone felt as if his body was pierced through.

"The first thing to examine is this person."

As if rolling a planet with his hands, the scenery rapidly changed to show the southern continent.

Zooming in as if crashing down, those familiar to Sirone were fighting hell's army.

'Mr. Gaold.'

"Kill them! They're just humans!" The number of demons endlessly spread around the altar appeared to be at least hundreds of thousands.

"This is seriously annoying!"

Kang Nan, following behind Gaold, gritted her teeth and flew into the sky.

Before her destructive combat skills, demons fell helplessly, but their numbers were overwhelming.

"Kang Nan, let me handle this." Black waves swirled in Zulu's eyes as the Lich soared high into the sky.

Lightning struck within a radius of several hundred meters, and the demons' screams pierced the heavens.

"Kueeee!"

Crossing over the demons' corpses that exploded like fireworks, they reached the altar at the center of the psychic domain.

"You've come."

The 11th Corps Commander Fisaroci, a powerful mage with the nickname "Ruler of Hellfire."

"There's no need to bother the Corps Commander!" Those protecting Fisaroci were all brigade-level or higher, incomparable to the enemies they had defeated so far.

"Kuuuuu!"

As Gaold fixed his eyes on Fisaroci and gritted his teeth, his hair began turning white.

"Die...!"

With a thud, the ground shook and a division commander's body was flattened like liquid.

Thud! Thud! Thud!

As if invisible hammers were falling, pressure was applied from all directions, creating holes in the enemy clusters.

"Uaaaaa!"

As Gaold's ultimate technique, the Great Infernal Hell, unfolded, the surrounding scenery transformed into a hell of fire.

"Kahahaha! Anyway, this is our..."

Another division commander was crushed.

'What are you trying to do?'

Watching Gaold, whose entire nervous system writhed in pain, Kang Nan bit her lip.

'We can't hold out forever.'

Gaold didn't care.

'Miro.'

He didn't know how long the war would continue, but for him, it was just a fleeting moment like a flash of light.

'I'll end it.'

Ku-ku-ku-ku-ku-ku-kung!

As dozens then hundreds of presses pounded all around, the view opened as if a curtain had lifted.

"Pathetic fools!"

Finally, Fisaroci gathered hellfire in both hands and flew into the sky.

"Ahhh..."

At the same time, Gaold's body flinched.

'Again...'

Zulu, who had been charging, grabbed Kang Nan and cast teleportation in the opposite direction from Gaold.

"We need to evacuate."

Though worried about Gaold, since there was nothing they could do, Kang Nan obediently entrusted herself to him.

"Huuuu!" Fisaroci hurled the massive fire.

"This ends it!"

Gaold looked up, shedding tears of blood.

'It's coming.'

Something enormous that couldn't be suppressed.

'Damn it!'

At the end of his consciousness growing pale, what emerged was Miro's smiling face.

'Miro.'

Air Press.

Fisaroci's body, the flames Fisaroci had thrown, and the countless demons surrounding them all vanished in an instant.

'All of you disappear.'

The power of Transcendence pressed down on the earth, sinking it hundreds of meters below and sending up scorching heat.

Peoooooong!

"Huk!"

The moment an explosion that obliterated several kilometers in radius occurred, the Taeseong in the Grand Temple swayed to the side.

The 26 Stars and satellites watched the scene with tightly sealed lips.