[584] In God's Name (3)

Shirone returned to the dormitory and sat on his bed.

With tomorrow marking the point where winners and losers would be decided, the weight of rewards and consequences surfaced once again.

'Right, I have no choice.'

He had to destroy Eden's Absolute Barrier.

'But how?'

Though he had spoken confidently in front of his friends, the answer remained elusive.

'I have to find it. If it were Senior Flu, he would have found a way somehow.'

A mage trained to respond to all variables.

Miro had said that was what it meant to be a pro, the highest title a mage could earn.

'First, the laser.'

If it was a method of continuously accumulating energy, Eden's barrier would eventually have to break.

'But what I'm thinking, Eden is thinking too.'

The problem started here.

If he wasn't facing a scarecrow, his enemies were also desperately searching for answers.

'She'll dodge before the energy accumulates. Actually, there's no real need to suppress her, is there? What if I force her out of bounds?'

There was also the method of pushing Eden to the edge of the territory with high-output mass waves, but the countermeasures weren't much different from the laser.

'Eden is too light. That's the key.'

He could destroy a mountain, but the problem was that Eden would fly away like a feather caught in strong wind.

'Come to think of it, it was the same in Heaven.'

Only after reversing 127 years of causality with Valhalla Action could he obtain output powerful enough to annihilate Archangel Faiel.

Shirone's eyes grew hollow as he recalled that time.

'I fought incredibly inefficiently.'

It was fortunate that he had achieved results, but his teammates might have thought he was still an amateur.

Anyway, the fact that his face burned with embarrassment over past judgments was also proof that he had grown somewhat.

"The solution is this. Somehow create a state where Eden won't be pushed back by mass waves. Then I can destroy it with Ataraxia."

What about restraining her with Shining Chain and unleashing Photon Cannon?

'The Shining Chain would break first.'

As his thoughts hit a wall, the frustrated Shirone leaned back and banged the back of his head against the wall with a thud.

Even mobilizing all his available moves, he couldn't think of a way to destroy Eden's barrier.

'Should I give up? If it's now, I could ask Iruki again for strategy...'

Shirone's head turned roughly.

'No. There must be thousands, tens of thousands of methods. I'm just failing to find even one of them.'

Coordinates.

He needed to find a way to fix Eden to coordinates even while exposed to Ataraxia's powerful output.

'There's no way to fix her! No, there is! No, there isn't!'

With a sensation like his heart being wrung out like a rag, Shirone suffered while clutching at his blanket.

'How are objects fixed? No, there are no objects that get fixed? That was the problem from the beginning. Coordinates are...'

Shirone's eyes flashed open.

"Ah. Aah."

Looking up at the ceiling and imagining something, a small voice leaked from his mouth.

"Time and space."

All answers were hidden within the problem.

"There is no such thing as a problem."

Even in the deep of night, Eden didn't enter the dormitory but prayed in a deep cave.

"As long as You protect me."

Facing the final day of Scramble Royale, her omnipotence was strengthening to its greatest extent ever.

To restore the honor of theYor denomination that Gaold had tainted, she couldn't lose to Shirone.

'He'll definitely come with countermeasures different from today. He's a smart kid after all.'

But Eden also had no intention of just holding out by putting forward God's name alone.

The reason she was recognized by theYor denomination was because her desperate faith was based on rationality.

It meant that when someone offered bread, she wouldn't refuse while saying God would feed her.

'Ataraxia cannot destroy the Absolute Barrier. Even if he finds a better method, I just need to dodge it.'

If it was an answer God had given her from the beginning, avoiding attacks would never be denying God.

'Tomorrow, I become a true daughter of God. And I'll return to erase Gaold's name from the registry.'

Eden's prayer echoed through the cave.

'It's impossible to bind objects to coordinates.'

Shirone was sitting cross-legged before he knew it.

As his sequence formula raced at tremendous speed and finally entered the realm of awe, golden light began to ripple from his body.

'But I can do it. With this, I can do it!'

As the Avatar of Light Angel spread into particles and swirled like a whirlwind, all objects in the room began to twist as if being wrung out.

The next morning.

Before returning to school, Fermi visited Radum, the shadowy underside of Bashka.

It was where Canis and Arin had grown up, but the darkness of Radum they had experienced was only the tip of the iceberg.

The terrorist organization called the Black Revolution that had recently bombed the Gold Tower, as well as countless sub-humans hiding in high-difficulty concealment facilities plotting to overthrow the human world - it was the capital's time bomb.

As such, the gazes of those watching Fermi were nothing but sinister.

"An outsider."

The moment he entered a deserted area, a voice was heard.

But when Fermi turned his head, only the deep shadows of buildings were cast there.

"I'm lost. Where is this place?"

"You can't enter Radum just because you're lost."

The entrance to Radum was strictly prohibited with royal forces stationed 24 hours a day.

"Knowing the back door means you also know where this place is, right?"

Fermi threw a gold coin into the shadow.

The gold coin that entered the darkness disappeared instantly.

"Just let me pass. I think I'll be late for my appointment."

"...How much do you have?"

Fermi said with a smile in his eyes.

"Well? About 10 billion gold?"

Seemingly slightly flustered, there was no response from the shadow.

"I could spare about 100 million gold."

From buildings on all sides, shadows flowed down like spilled oil, surrounding Fermi.

'Shadow people?'

They were invisible in darkness.

"I'm starting to think you might really be lost. Or you're just incredibly stupid."

The source of the voice couldn't be determined.

"This is Radum. Money can't protect you here."

All the shadows rose up and poured toward Fermi.

"Is that so?"

A particle of light smaller than dust appeared above Fermi's palm.

"How about magic worth 100 million gold?"

Time slowed down.

"Wha... t..."

During the time the shadow's voice uttered just two syllables, waves of light expanded at tremendous speed throughout all of Radum.

"Kyaaaah!"

As the darkness lifted, a woman's scream was heard.

"Since this is Radum after all, I came prepared with this and that."

Fermi looked down at a woman holding twin swords.

A woman with grayish skin, pointed ears, and deep double eyelids was biting her lips while sitting down.

"This is my first time seeing a shadow person directly. So this is what you look like. I heard your skin sells for quite a lot."

"You... how..."

Shadow people's skin had a transparency effect in darkness.

"Shall we peel it off?"

As madness swirled in Fermi's eyes, the shadow person flinched and twisted her upper body into the darkness.

"If you run, you die."

"Kuk!"

The shadow person's movement stopped.

Though they wielded the laws of darkness from birth, the light magic Fermi had cast was so powerful that resistance was impossible.

'What kind of magic is that?'

As expected, Fermi was floating the small particle of light he had cast earlier in his hand.

"Interesting, right? It's called Big Bang. Magic developed by a mage named Alpheas to subdue the great mage Arcane."

"Arcane..."

The name of Arcane, an authority on dark magic, was famous even among shadow people.

Though the person himself had waved it off as not such great magic, since he belonged to the Red Line anyway, he had registered it as regulation magic for future students.

'Of course, I didn't learn it directly myself.'

If someone else learned magic, he could just buy it with money.

"What do you want?"

"The concealment facilities are thorough as rumored. Honestly, I'm lost. So..."

Fermi grabbed her wrist, helped her up, then brought his face close to hers.

"Ah..."

"Shadow people are skilled at intelligence work. Could I ask you to guide me? I'll pay you."

The shadow person stared as if entranced at Fermi's face as he smiled like a mischievous child.

'What is this human...?'

Though she had met countless humans, this was her first time encountering someone so irregular.

"I'll take on Amy. I'll settle it today."

As noon approached, Cayden declared to Hersy while preparing his Cross Sword.

Though it wouldn't be a bad proposal if he could retire Amy, it was questionable whether she would get caught up in it willingly.

"Even if she refuses, I'm going after Amy."

Realizing that Cayden couldn't be stopped anyway, Hersy changed course to be as helpful to strategy as possible.

"Wait, hold on."

As Cayden turned around, Hersy extended his hand.

"If you want to go after Amy, there's a condition."

Iruki and Dorothy teamed up and moved busily to collect 12 scrambles.

Even if retirements occurred, the number of summoned scrambles remained the same as the initial participants, so 72 remained.

"Fisho's collection speed is slower than yesterday."

It meant he was moving with Hersy.

Dorothy, who had expanded the Spirit Zone with Joner's ability, said while twitching her eyebrows.

"They're coming this way. Collision in 3 minutes."

'Master Card.'

Hersy's status, which had been ⓡⓡ, was adding random cards in real time.

'Three random cards (ⓡⓡⓡ)?'

At the point when the first scramble of the 7th day was summoned, counting was impossible.

Therefore, when opening three random cards, the probability of black and white appearing was still 50 percent.

'I can't read the hand. I need to raise it one more level.'

Iruki received a scramble from Hickory, made it into a random card, then opened it.

Currently his hand was ●●●○ (Dictator), and Hersy also added one more card to match the 4th level.

'Random again (ⓡⓡⓡⓡ)?'

Upon arriving at the location with the scramble, Iruki and Hersy simultaneously called "kong" the moment they spotted each other.

'What hand is that?'

○●○● (Democracy) appeared in Hersy's status.

'Democracy from opening four random cards? Damn! That's pure gambling!'

Iruki abandoned the scramble and escaped back into the forest with Dorothy.

'Unless you're Eden, designating cards to make infinity is suicide. The best thing is to mix randoms.'

After receiving 4 scrambles from Hickory, Iruki opened four random cards and got Monarchy (○○○●).

'As expected, I can't make Pope (○○○○) without counting.'

Iruki extended his hand.

"Give me one more."

Selecting a white card, Iruki's hand upgraded to ○○●○○ (Emperor).

Of course, Hersy's status would show ⓡⓡⓡⓡⓡ.

'From now on, it's a probability battle.'

The corner of Iruki's mouth rose slightly.

Though the 2nd scramble was summoned at 2 PM, Shirone hadn't moved from the forest where he had positioned himself since morning.

Though the point when he would face Eden was the final round of Scramble Royale anyway, he also wasn't feeling the flow of time.

'16 kyung.'

That was the position where Shirone's sequence formula was currently racing.

'I need to raise it as much as possible.'

Unless he destroyed his limits in advance, he couldn't respond to immediate changes in his match against Eden.

At some point, the time field twisted grotesquely, refracting the surrounding scenery until even its form was unrecognizable.

Silent distortion.

...!

...!

All insects within a 5-meter radius that had lost time's directionality were releasing pheromones of silent screams.