The Final Holy War (4)

"Uuuugh!"

Shirone looked down at Rukia writhing in pain with a sorrowful expression.

The emotional plague that started in Tormia had ridden the winds to reach the Vatican.

'That means it's traveled almost completely around the planet.'

No one could escape it.

'The World Health Organization's guidelines can control the emotional plague to some extent. But Rukia...'

There was nothing left for her to give up.

'No, she refuses to give up. God, and all the guidelines carried out in God's name.'

Glen wasn't in his right mind.

"Rukia, just hold on a little longer! I'll heal you! I'll definitely take you to the Pyramid of Truth...!"

"Aah! Aaaah!"

Shirone asked with a cold expression.

"What's going on?"

Dragon Argan answered in a small voice.

"There are rumors that among the pilgrims who broke through the controls to approach the Pyramid of Truth, some have been completely cured of the emotional plague."

"I haven't heard that."

If it were true, Ceriel would have stepped in.

"Paras seems to be controlling the information. But lately, more and more pilgrims have been coming. It's only a matter of time before the information spreads beyond the borders."

"...So that's why the king permitted entry."

The judgment was that it would be better to reveal the truth about the pyramid before an uncontrollable situation arose.

Ares spoke.

"Sorry for not revealing this earlier. Initially, exploring the pyramid was pure curiosity. Then the emotional plague broke out, and Glen and Rukia joined us. Rukia's situation is somewhat special. She can't hold on any longer."

"There are several treatments for the emotional plague. First, the World Health Organization's guidelines. And I hear that someone called Giyorgi can alleviate the symptoms."

Shirone's eyes sharpened.

"But he's a demon. It's a method that the Lamie Church absolutely cannot tolerate. Then we heard rumors about Yahweh. I don't know if it's true, but you also..."

Ares glanced around cautiously.

"Have the ability to suppress the emotional plague?"

"Yes."

Glen turned his head and shouted.

"Mr. Ares! Don't talk nonsense! A priest of the Lamie Church receiving help from Yahweh!"

"Aah! Aaaah!"

When Rukia couldn't bear it anymore and screamed, Glen's face turned pale.

"Rukia! Rukia!"

Watching this scene, Shirone said.

"But I can't cure it completely either. Without periodically receiving baptism from me, it will recur."

"...I see."

Ares searched his inner pocket.

"The last solution we investigated is this. From the southern continent..."

What he pulled out was a liquid and a syringe.

"Angel's Tears, Angel."

Having presented all four methods to counter the emotional plague, he said.

"I brought it just in case. We can endure it, but Rukia won't give up anything."

Even in her pain, Rukia seemed to hear Ares's words as she weakly shook her head.

"No, Glen. A priest shouldn't rely on such things... I can endure it... Aaaah!"

Everyone who had suffered from the emotional plague knew it wasn't pain that could be endured.

Glen sobbed.

"Rukia, just this once. Let's take this medicine. Then I'll find something at the Pyramid of Truth..."

Rukia gave a frail smile.

"Glen, I will definitely return to the Vatican. His Holiness... will acknowledge me."

The Papal Territory.

Going north from the Mediterranean Sea, there stood the Vatican of the Lamie Church, the world's largest religion.

Shirone, Iruki, and Nade, who had stopped their pilgrimage in the central continent, arrived in the Papal Territory early in the morning.

Nade glanced around nervously.

"Will this be okay? If they find out you're Yahweh, the Vatican won't leave you alone."

"There's no choice. The holy war will begin soon. If not now, I won't be able to meet the Pope."

Yahweh, who had fought demons while pilgrimaging through the central continent, was now a global celebrity.

The Lamie Church couldn't stand by, and had been moving the Sacred Knights Order to constantly interfere.

"The Vatican."

A high spire that inspired awe just by looking at it came into view of the three.

"Extra! Extra!"

Shaven-headed priests were carrying bundles of newspapers and distributing them to people.

"What's happening?"

The Vatican's official newspaper featured special events from parishes worldwide, but this was an extra edition.

Instead of Shirone, Iruki approached.

"One copy, please."

The priest, prioritizing speed, handed over the newspaper without even looking at his face and passed by.

"Hmm."

He examined the headline.

The Imminent Holy War. World Leaders Stake Humanity's Future on Divine Command.

"So it's come to this."

A gathering to decide humanity's leading nation.

Given the serious state of world affairs, public opinion was dominant that this would be the last holy war.

"Twelve countries will participate in this holy war."

Qualifications were determined by combining annual GDP, population, and military scale, among other factors.

"Until now, the Three Emperors have operated as permanent members controlling the holy war's military, but this time, twelve countries will compete as non-permanent members. Pope Constantine will participate as an observer. Once the leading nation is decided, it's a system that the Lamie Church officially recognizes."

Iruki said.

"The leading nation will be decided by the logic of power, but using religion can quickly absorb the results into the world. The Lamie Church has approved the holy war, and the Pope's statements are protected by world law. It's certainly an excellent choice."

Even people who didn't believe in God would think of the Lamie Church's God when hearing the word 'God' - that's how powerful they were.

Nade said.

"The Lamie Church has nothing to lose either. In this end-of-century situation where emerging religions are gaining power, it's a golden opportunity to seize religious hegemony once again."

Shirone nodded.

"I agree with the idea that the world's powers should unite. Of course, it won't be as easy as it sounds..."

Nade turned the page of the newspaper.

"Every article is about the emotional plague. By the way, their information network is incredible. Just reading the Vatican's newspaper, you can learn about issues from around the world."

Then an article caught Shirone's eye.

"Wait. Here..."

Where is Priest Rukia?

It was an article that began with that headline, and Shirone read every word without skipping any.

Iruki muttered.

"Hmm, interesting. A priest from the Vatican, once called the essence of God, has been excommunicated."

Rukia, who had risen from being born into faith to becoming a priest, had made a name for herself as the Vatican's finest priest.

Nade added.

"She must have had incredible abilities. All the well-known villains mentioned here knelt before her."

Shirone continued reading.

'She is cursed by the devil. She injured Maximus, the Vatican's third-ranking Grand Priest...'

At the end of the article, it mentioned that the brilliant priest Glen had fallen to Rukia's temptations.

Iruki said.

"A joint escape. Since this is an article written from the Vatican's perspective, we can't believe it 100%. It could be an elopement. There are doctrines requiring senior priests and paladins to maintain celibacy."

Nade said.

"But these two aren't senior priests yet. Well, they would be someday. But Shirone, why this article?"

"I know them."

"What a coincidence."

"Yeah. They're in the Kingdom of Paras now. I wondered why they were so obsessed with the Pyramid of Truth..."

Shirone's mind became complicated.

The Vatican.

Constantine stood at the highest point of the spire, looking down at the Papal Territory.

There was a knock, and a priest in charge of media from the Diocese Administration entered the room.

"Your Holiness, the extra edition has been distributed. Soon the entire world will know."

"Good, well done."

When the Pope, bathed in a halo, smiled benevolently, it was as if light emanated from his body.

'The world's strongest clergyman.'

The title 'strongest' was strange for a clergyman, but times were different now with demons running rampant.

'He is the one who can face all demons alone. This person will guide us on God's path.'

Constantine said.

"I read the extra edition. Well made."

"You're too kind. I can only admire Your Holiness's great judgment in declaring to follow the World Health Organization's guidelines."

"Rukia..."

The priest's shoulders flinched.

"It's a bit different from the direction I wanted. Of course, I'm not disparaging the priest's abilities."

"I apologize. But if you show favoritism toward Rukia, the Vatican's authority will crumble. In any case, that child..."

"Favoritism?"

Realizing his mistake, the priest bowed his head.

"I'm sorry!"

"It's fine. Everyone makes mistakes. Just because we follow God doesn't make us God. Many people live forgetting this fact. Even Grand Priest Maximus."

"Your Holiness..."

Even for Constantine, speaking ill of the Vatican's third-ranking Grand Priest was dangerous.

"Haha! What of it? I'm not scolding him. Maximus, Rukia, even myself. Actually, if you look deeply, it's not really anyone's fault. Life is complicated."

"That's why there are doctrines. Following God's will. Rukia violated doctrine, and excommunication was appropriate."

"It's also pitiful."

Constantine's eyes lit up as he asked.

"You, why do you believe in God?"

"...Pardon?"

It seemed like too irreverent a question to come from the Pope's mouth.

"If you want to make a good world, you could just live virtuously. Even if God created us, couldn't we just live our lives with gratitude? Then why do we believe in God?"

Finally, the priest's expression became serious.

"I don't really know..."

"Because this isn't the end."

Constantine said.

"We believe in God because we hope there is no end. Recognizing the momentary emptiness and seeking eternity. That's the duty given to religious people."

The priest was somewhat intimidated.

"Humans easily forget death, but we must not. A clergyman, you see, is one who takes responsibility not for life, but for death."

Being certain there is no end.

"Can you take responsibility for others' deaths? Can I truly take responsibility for humanity's death?"

The one who takes responsibility will receive God's purpose.

"I want to see Rukia. Glen too."

After hesitating for a moment, the priest bowed his head as if he had no choice and said.

"I'll run an article in the next issue."

Nagrack Oasis.

Rukia's screams were so horrifying that no one remained in the dining hall.

Only Shirone and Ares's group waited anxiously for her decision.

"No. The pain won't stop. Rukia won't give up anything."

To prove her faith.

"The Angel."

Before Ares could do anything, Glen snatched the syringe and injected the drug.

"Glen, I..."

"I'm sorry, Rukia."

Glen, who could no longer bear to watch, brought the needle to Rukia's thin forearm.

"No! No!"

Even while strongly refusing in her pain, she suddenly opened her eyes wide and exhaled.

"Huuuuh!"

A brilliant light enveloped her, and the blood vessels protruding on her face began to subside.

"Sh, Shirone."

Ares stepped back, and Glen, who turned to look at Shirone, opened his mouth in surprise.

"Ya, Yahweh."

The Miracle Stream was rising.