The Five Systems (4)

As a result, during the Great Purification, Siegal had never met Raphael and Etella.

But the underlying incident.

La Enemie had reconstructed false memories based on information about Siegal up to age seven.

"Waah! Waah!"

La Enemie, who had wanted to become human, sought out Siegal to awaken his sense of smell.

From that point on, all the information injected into his memories was clearly nothing but fake.

"Tia..."

And Raiden remained in Siegal's memory as a vivid scent.

'Then what was I... doing before I met La Enemie?'

The Karma Management Department was laying bare that unknown answer in scents.

The sight of him muttering alone in some nameless mountain, embracing rocks, flailing his hands helplessly.

"Ah."

There was no one.

He had lived alone for over 20 years in the memories that La Enemie had implanted.

"Aah."

As if the screen had split, Siegal's false memories seeped into the scent.

It was the day the gang attacked the Grassleaf Circus.

"Boss! Tia!"

He found Tia among countless corpses, and saw the face of Raiden who had killed everyone.

He said:

"La Enemie."

Though it was an incomprehensible realm at the time, the current Siegal suddenly realized.

'He knew.'

Even while living hypnotized in false memories, his sense of smell had detected the strangeness.

'That none of it was real.'

Raiden burst out.

"La Enemie!"

A battle of quick-draw swords unfolded, and Siegal killed his master Raiden.

The real Siegal could finally know the true face of the one who had grown cold.

'Raphael.'

Master.

The one teaching he had conveyed transcending the incident during those memories up to age seven was:

"Forgive."

Everything that ruined your life.

"Uaaaah!"

The real Siegal clutched his head and screamed.

'Forgive?'

Even though twenty-some years of life had been completely destroyed, he had to forgive that?

'Why?'

He wanted to know the reason at least.

"Why should I forgive? I'm not the one who did wrong! Why should I take responsibility!"

Etella, receiving Siegal's rage through the chain, hurriedly tried to calm her mind.

"Calm down! If you go berserk here..."

"Uaaaah!"

The moment Siegal screamed, not wanting to hear even Etella's words, the scent of memory changed.

"Ah...?"

After killing Raiden in his memories, Siegal had tracked La Enemie at the boundary between reality and dreams.

It was perhaps inevitable that he, still carrying the scent of the underlying incident, would meet Raphael.

'He's strong.'

The direct predecessor of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist drove Siegal, who had already become a global killer, into a corner.

Raphael clicked his tongue.

'So this is Siegal. A terribly twisted person. If left alone, he'll become poison to the world.'

That's what he thought.

Yet the reason he couldn't kill him was the chest pain he felt from the moment he saw Siegal.

'I don't know.'

What had happened, what words they had exchanged.

'I've forgotten.'

Like a connection from a past life, like when he buried his face in his mother's cherished keepsake.

'Was that it.'

Though he could never know what had happened, Raphael embraced the existence called Siegal.

'So that's how it was, Siegal?'

Raphael said:

"Whatever path you take, the way back is behind you."

The quick-draw sword pierced Raphael's heart, and almost simultaneously several more cuts followed.

"Haa. Haa."

In the darkness without even moonlight, Siegal stared at Raphael's fallen corpse.

Of course, Siegal's skill wasn't poor enough to be certain his opponent had gone easy on him.

But a strange feeling.

"Did he stop at the last moment?"

To call it a mistake, it was a situation where one moment's judgment had cost him his life.

No answer came.

"What meaningless..."

If he had known that those words endlessly circling in his head would return as a boomerang like this.

'What were you trying to say?'

Probably even Raphael wouldn't know.

But if he could have suppressed his heart's anger and talked with him a little more.

"You bastards!"

Siegal, his eyes bloodshot, inhaled the scent as if sucking in all the air.

The memory of meeting Etella, the memory of mistaking her for Tia, and everything up to the present.

"Why are you doing this to me!"

It was all a scheme.

The rage at having his entire life manipulated completely burned away Siegal's reason.

"I'll kill them all!"

Siegal was an acquired murderer.

"I'll kill every last one of them!"

And he was... the worst of the worst.

The Karma Management Department's door opened, and agents who had heard the commotion entered.

Their faces twisted viciously as they realized their colleague had been eliminated.

"How dare you bastards... Guk!"

Quick-draw swords struck, and holes were pierced through the vital points of all the agents standing at the entrance.

"Kiiiii! Kiiiii!"

The power of indiscriminate hostility toward the world concentrated on the agents was truly terrible.

"Siegal! Don't!"

Etella desperately held on, grasping the chain, but it was beyond what she could handle.

"Huk!"

More chain emerged from her chest, and Siegal burst through the door and ran into the corridor.

'It keeps getting longer.'

As the action of Taiji expanded, the chain connecting the two was also extending endlessly.

'What will happen at this rate?'

Etella, who was about to step into the corridor to catch Siegal, suddenly stopped.

'Master.'

The answer to one question that hadn't left her mind since hearing the news of his death.

'You sacrificed yourself, for Siegal's sake.'

That was good.

Etella, still watching the chain emerging from her chest, quietly closed her eyes.

'I will follow Master's will.'

After briefly feeling the warmth in her lower abdomen, Etella opened her eyes wide and went outside.

The Six Brain was in the opposite direction from Siegal.

Tormia and the Southern Code One.

Guarded by Captain of Guards Rai, Shirone and Lufist arrived at the promised location.

It was deep in the mountains, and southern warriors watched them with the eyes of wild beasts.

"Chief, Shirone has come."

By mentioning the name directly, Lufist's right to speak had essentially disappeared.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Shirone."

Chief Entara was a gaunt-faced old man, but the tribespeople treated him with respect.

That alone showed how the southern tribes viewed life.

"Welcome, Yahweh."

Though Entara didn't rise from his seat, he had the ability to show courtesy through his voice alone.

"I heard you wanted to meet me. Why?"

Of course, what Shirone was curious about was something else.

'How did he block the kill?'

As if reading his thoughts, Entara smiled gently and said:

"I wanted to meet you at least once. I heard Yahweh pursues an integrated mental system."

It felt like he had answered both questions simultaneously.

"The reason the backward South compared to the world could participate in the holy war was because the damage from demons was minimal. Of course, the primary contributor to that was a person named Gaold."

There was a history of demons in the southern continent being helplessly swept away by his rampage.

"Truly the extreme of a formidable human. But he alone can't protect the vast South. We too found one method that doesn't fall behind his."

Entara put strength in his eyes.

"Elikia."

Shirone was listening.

"All the tribes of the South believe in different gods, and to worship those gods, they dance and sing all night long. In civilized language, they enter a trance state and ultimately reach ecstasy."

"I see."

Shirone knew what Entara wanted to say.

"Elikia is a group dance and song created by all the southern tribes working together. It's a technique that unites everyone's hearts to change the laws of the world."

Of course, it was different from Ultima.

Using ecstasy was merely emotional integration that ignored individual personality.

'But perhaps...'

He thought this might be the level of Ultima that current humanity could realistically perform.

"Let me show you directly."

When Entara turned his head, the tent opened and a group could be seen standing in the torchlight.

There were exactly 70 people.

"Elikia."

When the man at the front muttered, low sounds simultaneously leaked from 70 mouths.

"Ooo. Ooo."

Those who had been bouncing their upper bodies to a steady rhythm bent their waists and stepped.

Moving back and forth in a cross pattern, the ground rumbled with each step they took.

Among the Tormia officials watching, only Rai gripped his sword handle.

"Ooo. Ooo."

How much time had passed? The 70 tribespeople began falling into a trance.

'The laws are changing.'

Though he couldn't confirm it with his eyes, he could clearly feel it through the Spirit Zone.

'If hearts aren't perfectly integrated, quantum phenomena don't occur. So it's ultimately a trance state.'

The steps became faster, and finally bright light mirages rose in everyone's eyes.

'A signal.'

What kind of signal?

"Hu! Ha! Hu!"

The tribespeople who had been rapidly pounding the ground simultaneously raised their heads and glared at the barracks.

"Kraaaang!"

A giant beast formed from the gathered light mirages flew straight toward Shirone.

'I thought so.'

Even at the attack filled with clear hostility, Shirone only watched with an indifferent expression.

As if there was an invisible barrier, the beast's phantom was flattened like a coin in front of Shirone.

Clap! Clap! Clap!

Before anyone knew it, Rai's longsword was at the throat of Entara, who was clapping slowly.

"This is a hostile act. He must be killed."

The reason he hadn't killed him already was because Shirone's ability was holding back the longsword.

"The Captain of Guards is right. But now... it would be better to hear a bit more of what he has to say."

When Shirone finished speaking, Rai sheathed his sword and swiftly returned to his position.

Entara's eyes curved like a seagull's.

"Impressive. To block Elikia, the South's ultimate technique. Truly someone who has mastered the mind."

"It wasn't that impressive a power."

Even at Shirone's provocation, Entara didn't change his expression.

"That's right. It's only this level of power. Sorry for bragging about clumsy skills."

Lufist, unable to stand it, interjected.

"What do you want to say?"

"So what I want to say is, there are over 7 million tribespeople in the South who can do this."

This time, even Shirone felt a thrill.

"Do you want to know how I blocked the kill? The integration of 7 million people. The power of the mind that comes from that. I want to give this power to you, Yahweh."

Entara pointed at Shirone.

"For one who has mastered mind techniques to use Elikia is like giving wings to Yahweh. Ultima... I think it's distant too, but it means giving at least 7 million people as a gift with the South's ability. However, there's one thing I must ask before that."

"Whether it's what I can give to the South?"

Entara laughed.

"Heh heh! You're more aggressive than expected. Well, it is a reasonable question. But you're wrong. There's no need to ask about things with fixed answers."

"Then what do you want to know?"

When he showed an active negotiating attitude, Entara placed both arms on the table and rested his chin on them.

"What will you do? With this power I would dedicate to you."