[655] The Air of Life (4)

'What the hell is this guy?'

Lian was bewildered to encounter two strong opponents in the underground waterway reeking of rotting corpses.

Meanwhile, Rypist focused on the man standing like a corpse, gripping a dagger with his fingers.

'Shagal of the Swift Blade.'

The murderous intent that would suffocate an ordinary person felt like the thrilling taste of provocative junk food to him.

"Sniff sniff. Sniff sniff."

Having confirmed even the habit of feeling out opponents through smell, Rypist was certain of his opponent's identity, and only then looked back at Lian.

"What's your name?"

"Lian. Ozent Lian."

Knight of Maha.

If his reputation had reached the ears of the Magic Association Chairman, his skills were undoubtedly genuine, but it was unexpected that he was still breathing after facing Shagal.

"And who are you?"

"Me? The Magic Association Chairman."

Having casually revealed this, Rypist examined the dozens of wounds carved into Lian's body before understanding.

"Good recovery rate. A regeneration build?"

"No, well..."

Lian would rather die than admit he couldn't use Schema.

"Either way, you were lucky. To have lasted this long against one of the world's 100 most dangerous individuals."

"World's 100 most dangerous individuals?"

It was something he'd heard a few times during his knightly duties, but this was his first time actually seeing one.

But what stuck in his ears even more was the first statement about being lucky.

"Are you saying I survived by luck?"

Rypist postponed his answer and approached Shagal.

"Indeed, did you change weapons? There's nothing better for hiding one's identity, but..."

Once one reaches a certain level of skill, even murder is elevated to the realm of art, allowing one to identify the perpetrator just by looking at the corpse.

Some call this a killer's fingerprint, and essentially Shagal had erased his own fingerprint.

"You changed weapons?"

"Swift Blade Shagal. He handles dozens of daggers simultaneously with grotesquely fast hand movements. It's a Schema technique called... what was it... Grounding?"

While Folding doubled efficiency by folding the human schematic, Grounding was a technique that strengthened parts of the body by folding sections.

"Hmph, just changing weapons..."

"And Swift Blade Shagal is a master of thrusting."

Lian remembered that all the wounds carved into his body had been slashing cuts.

"The demi-human corpses dumped in the waterway - that's your doing, isn't it? Crudely done beyond measure. That's why you haven't been caught until now."

Sirone had even said they showed traces of torture.

"Did you... come to catch me?"

Shagal spoke for the first time.

Of course, Rypist had both the authority to arrest Shagal and the duty as an Association mage to do so.

But the reason he'd entered through the waterway instead of the main entrance was because there was a more pressing matter.

"It's unexpected that you're the 'Gatekeeper of the Waterways' hired recently, but I have no business with you now. Guide me to Brooks."

Just then, Sirone came running, splashing through the water.

"Lian! Are you okay?"

"Well, as you can see."

After confirming Lian was safe, Sirone glared fiercely and walked toward Shagal.

"Hey! What the hell did you...!"

But he ended up making a blank expression after discovering the man standing next to Lian.

"Chairman?"

"Oho, who do we have here? Isn't this Tormia's traitor?"

There was no way he wouldn't know that Sirone had left the Red Line after being selected as an Ivory Tower candidate.

But since it was ultimately the kingdom that had caused the mess, it was more of a joke than mockery.

A gravelly voice came from behind Sirone.

"The Magic Association Chairman in a smelly place like this, hehe. What a spine-chilling person has arrived."

Brooks's smiling face floated ghostlike next to Aria, who was holding a torch.

Shagal sat on the iron gate of the underground waterway where water droplets fell steadily, lost in thought while fingering a cheap kitchen knife.

'La Enemy.'

In all the countless lives he'd taken, he'd never once doubted his conviction in the pleasure of killing.

Unlike most murders that occur out of necessity, a killer murders for pleasure.

And when that pleasure becomes so intense that one cannot live without tasting it even for a day, one realizes this truth.

Just as a beast hunting for food commits no sin, a killer taking human life is also no sin.

Though murder is forbidden by law in every country, what Shagal feared was not human rules but only divine judgment.

To such a person, La Enemy was a special existence who first taught him the terror of killing.

As if his tongue had been cut out, like impotence, after meeting him, killing was no longer enjoyable.

"I'll kill him. Without fail."

Shagal's eyes gleamed eerily.

Meanwhile, Sirone's group followed Brooks toward the conference room.

On the way, Rypist revealed Shagal's identity, but Brooks only shrugged.

"Is that so? In this line of work, all sorts of characters end up flowing in."

That was the extent of his reaction, and when they arrived at the conference room door, Aria hung her torch on the wall and said,

"I'll head out first. I'm tired."

"Are you okay? Should I escort you?"

"You seem busy, so just do your work. Sirone, see you again next time."

Aria specifically pointed out Sirone.

"Ah, yes. Get home safely."

Though it seemed unlikely they'd meet again, Aria spoke as if certain, asking nothing before turning away.

After she left, Rypist asked,

"Is that woman okay?"

"She's from the Teshia family. She's tighter-lipped than my subordinates, so don't worry about it."

Brooks boasted as he opened the door, but Sirone stopped and said,

"Um, we'd like to leave now too. If you could just write us a confirmation that we completed the request..."

"Ah, right. Of course."

That was the only reason Sirone had followed along.

"You stay here too."

When Rypist spoke curtly, Lian's expression soured.

Chairman or whatever he was, he had no business giving orders to Sirone anymore.

From their first meeting, his tone suggesting luck had been involved rubbed him the wrong way, and he was about to say something when Sirone stepped forward first.

"Sorry, but we're busy. Besides, I'm no longer a mage affiliated with the Red Line."

Rypist chuckled.

"I heard it ended amicably, but you're quite resentful."

"I'm human too, so I can't help feeling hurt."

"Fine, I apologize for the kingdom's decision. Either way, it's good to have connections. You're not strangers to the Association staff either."

"That's true, but..."

He wanted to quickly finish the guild work before rumors of annihilating the bandit group spread.

"And probably, what I'm about to discuss won't be unrelated to your Ivory Tower test."

"What do you mean?"

Rypist erased his smile and said,

"The Ivory Tower isn't searching for La Enemy for no reason. Currently, all institutions in every country worldwide are looking for La Enemy. Of course, the Tormia Magic Association is the same."

As Sirone stared blankly, Rypist pointed at the conference room with his thumb.

"Well? Are you ready to listen now?"

There was no room for argument, and so the four entered the soundproof chamber.

Brooks set out a bottle and four glasses before sitting at the table.

"What's the reason the Chairman secretly wants to see me?"

"It's not really secret. Anyway, is there any other reason to seek a mercenary broker? I want to hire mercenaries."

"Mercenaries. There probably aren't any mercenaries worthy of someone who commands the kingdom's finest mages as subordinates. Except maybe Shagal."

"It would be good to include him too. It's not about skill. It's a matter difficult to handle in the Association's name."

Brooks popped the cork off the bottle.

"Hehe, the great Association being cautious? I'm curious. What exactly are you scheming?"

"We're shutting down Ladom, Bashka's underworld."

Brooks, who had been pouring Rypist a drink, suddenly stopped, quickly putting away the bottle to hide his trembling fingertips.

But as if already knowing everything, Rypist glared at Brooks with a raised corner of his mouth.

"According to my intelligence network, the leader of Ladom's largest demi-human coalition 'Spectrum' is being held captive here?"

"I don't know what you mean..."

"I saw fourteen demi-human corpses on the way here. Of course, I also confirmed the bone carving tattoos on their right upper arms. Don't you think it's strange that creatures who should be stuck in Ladom keep flowing this way?"

Brooks realized he had no choice but to make a deal and sat down.

"What do you want?"

"Hand over Spectrum's leader, Venetia, to us."

"Wasn't there internal non-interference within the kingdom? You know what will happen if 'Spectrum' learns the Association was involved, right?"

All terrorist organizations in Ladom would turn Bashka into complete chaos.

"That's why we need mercenaries. Officially, the Association won't move. We'll form a private organization to annihilate them."

"Why? Haven't we been getting along fine until now?"

"Until now, yes. But this time it's not just the kingdom's affair."

When Brooks looked confused, Rypist pointed his index finger.

"Venetia. You didn't capture her. She came here herself. I'd bet my life on it."

It was true.

"Let me be clear, she's not someone you can keep for long. If you hold onto her, she'll eventually destroy you too."

"Who? The Ladom forces?"

"No. La Enemy."

Sirone quickly turned his head.

"La Enemy? Are you saying this woman Venetia is related to La?"

Rypist poured himself a drink and caught his breath.

"You must know that Anke La directly erased himself and opened the Great Purification."

"Of course I know."

"The Empire was probably fastest, but through Cage Team B's information, Tormia also began searching for La quickly. We wanted to eliminate him before he could reveal himself to the world if possible. But we couldn't."

"Couldn't you find La's location?"

"No, quite the opposite. There were too many La's."

As Sirone frowned, Rypist added,

"To be precise, La exists but is as if he doesn't exist. Countless people have witnessed La, conversed with La, even graduated from magic school with him. But we can't find him. We kept tracking, following lead after lead, but it just cycles endlessly. Do you know what this means?"

Rypist downed the strong liquor and said,

"La Enemy seems to exist only as 'events.'"

"Exists only as events?"

"When you think about it, it's natural. Humanity has more than enough capable people to track La Enemy. Knowing this, he wouldn't have simply undergone avatar reincarnation. We should have realized this sooner."

"What is La thinking?"

"The answer lies with Venetia. She's the only tri-brain race with three brains that perceive past, present, and future separately. Knowing that La's events would change her, she bound herself. She might have even foreseen our coming here."

"By 'our,' do you include me?"

Rypist wore a cautious expression.

"Sirone. You know that countries worldwide are watching you. But we don't know you as well as you know yourself. So I'm asking. Isn't there something that comes to mind?"

"Something that comes to mind..."

Sirone's eyes widened.

"Shagal said it - that I'd met La Enemy."

"Hmm, 'scent of events.' It's quite a troublesome ability, but if he said so, it's likely true."

Lian had also heard Shagal's words, but there was still something he couldn't understand.

"But you don't remember it. If he exists only as events, shouldn't there be some memory left even if you can't see him?"

"No, this is actually natural. La cannot imprint any events on me."

Sirone spoke with conviction, recalling Guffin's words.

"Because I have no cause."