The Cycling World (2)

Destura let out a howling shriek.

The vocal organs meant to threaten living beings were useless in space.

'What kind of things are these?'

The Destura merged with Nane's thoughts had the shape of an upside-down human when viewed from above.

Its entire body's joints seemed bent in reverse, creating a form so eerie it was disturbing just to look at.

'Surprisingly strong.'

But from Son Yoo-jung's perspective looking up from below, there was only a terrible monster resembling a bug.

'In that case...'

Son Yoo-jung heated her body to blazing temperatures and flew through space, shooting flames like a jet.

Nane's eyes sparkled.

'Cloud Somersault.'

Seeing the actual technique of the stone monkey that once disrupted the heavenly realm brought new emotions.

Each time she swung her staff, Destura's flesh burst, but with sound erased, it felt unreal.

Finally, as Destura dissolved into a thought-form, Son Yoo-jung let her two staffs hang loose.

"Whooooo!"

From her mouth poured endless hot smoke as if burning firewood.

Son Yoo-jung slowly walked through the clouds blocking Nane's view.

As she entered through the barrier of the sermon, her body that had been heated like molten metal quickly cooled.

Nane spoke.

"Thank you for handling that troublesome matter. But what business does a monkey who cannot endure boredom have on this desolate moon?"

Son Yoo-jung pointed her staff.

"You know everything, don't you? I'm different from grandfather. I'll live doing whatever I want to do."

Shura formed hand seals.

"Son Yoo-jung, withdraw your hostility. No matter how immature you are, I cannot tolerate such insolent behavior before Buddha."

"Shura."

Son Yoo-jung frowned.

"You too. Mortasinger was captured. As a fellow member of the Ten Elders, will you just stand by and watch?"

"The Ten Elders..."

A brief longing crossed Shura's eyes.

"Have disbanded. Since Beron left, there is no leader to guide us."

"The one who killed that Amitabha is Buddha. And yet you'll still stay by that guy's side?"

Shura remained silent.

'Beron...'

Had told her to go find Sirone.

'I still can't do that.'

The reason she couldn't follow his dying words was because she still didn't know 'how to live.'

'In a world trapped in lies and emptiness, what meaning is there in living?'

Until she understood the secrets of this world, she had no intention of leaving Buddha's side.

"Hmph! What would a thunder-bald know? You're just annoyed because your friend got captured!"

That was the truth.

"Right, it's none of my business. But I have business with Buddha. So Shura."

Son Yoo-jung's eyes glowed golden.

"If you interfere, I'll beat you up."

Eyes of Fire and Gold.

If these were the eyes that penetrated the truth of all things, Shura's Gestalt would be useless.

'Yeah, how nice to meet your great-great-grandfather.'

The very fact of associating with Mortasinger was far from enlightenment.

Yet having all the good things in the world made Shura's stomach burn with envy.

Nane asked.

"So, what do you want from me?"

"The way to hell - you know it, don't you? Send me there. I'll get my friend back."

"Hell..."

Of course he knew, but teaching the monkey Bakji's enlightenment would take time.

"Going is not the problem. It depends on which hell you want to go to."

"What do you mean?"

Son Yoo-jung hated things she had to think about to understand.

"When you bear karma you cannot handle in reality, hell will call you. So decide."

On Nane's left and right, a sword spewing frost and a sword burning with flames were born.

"The Eight Cold Hells or the Eight Hot Hells? The Viper Hell would be good, or the Blade Mountain Hell. Or if not that..."

Behind Nane, countless swords spread like a fan, emitting colors of five hues.

"You may name the place you desire."

The moon shook.

It would affect the human planet, but the incarnation was so massive such thoughts couldn't even occur.

"Tathagata."

The afterimage of Buddha rising beyond the moon's horizon seemed to be at the very edge of the universe.

Son Yoo-jung, who had been watching with pursed lips and a blank expression, showed mischief on her face.

"Hahaha! So you're going to drop me into hell. Fine, I accept your challenge!"

Shura's eyes became drowsy.

'That crazy monkey.'

To charge forward even after seeing a pan-universal level was probably an innate mental disorder.

'But Tathagata.'

Son Yoo-jung's power that drew out Nane's sincerity was certainly not at a level to be ignored.

"Graaaah!"

Son Yoo-jung lowered her stance, twisted her waist, and heated her mineral body to blazing temperatures.

"Come."

The moment Nane's lips curved upward, her jet exploded with sparks flying.

"Kiaaaah!"

The extended staff drew a trajectory of fire, and sermons surged from the edge of the universe.

The Other Side World.

Having escaped the Valley of Wailing, Etela and Shagal wandered hell searching for a village.

'Too vast.'

In reality, if they had walked over 700 kilometers, something should have appeared.

"Ugh!"

A tree branch scraped past Etela's arm as she walked lost in thought.

Everything in the forest was made of iron, so it was like being cut by a blade.

"You're getting on my nerves."

Shagal, feeling the same pain through their chain, strode toward Etela.

"Can't you pay attention? If you're going to die, die alone. Don't drag me into it." Shagal's nerves were also extremely on edge.

"I'm sorry. But we've been walking for days and haven't seen anything like a village. I need to think."

"Why should I? You're the only one trembling here. I'm just watching. Watching you suffer from not achieving what you want."

"Enough! We've fought enough! How long are you going to keep harassing me!"

"Forever."

Shagal smiled bitterly.

"Think I hate you? Not at all. Compared to reality, this is heaven. At least you're real. So keep crying. Make me more entertained."

"...You're trash."

Etela despaired.

"Trash not worth any sympathy. I should have ignored you from the beginning. There were plenty of people to handle trash like you!"

Eyes blazing with fury, Shagal pulled Etela close and forcibly kissed her.

"Don't!"

Losing her reason, Etela pushed Shagal away and landed a powerful blow to his jaw.

The chain rattled, and both people receiving the same impact collapsed simultaneously.

"Owwww..."

Shagal, hit square on by her Yin-Yang Wave Fist, struggled to turn over and shrugged his shoulders.

"Heh heh! Heh heh heh heh!"

Only laughter came out.

"Eeheeheeheeh! This is crazy! Ah, really crazy!"

Meanwhile, Etela trembled with wretched feelings, holding back flowing tears.

'Why me...'

Karma.

Even knowing this fact, she terribly hated the reality of being with this man.

'Endure it. I'll overcome this.'

Thinking of Jin Seong-eum's pain gave some comfort to her own situation.

Sitting up, Etela said.

"We're both too on edge. Let's rest a bit. You don't want to be taken by demons either."

Though spoken with superhuman self-control, Shagal was not in his right mind.

"Heh heh heh! Aaah, this is maddening! Kahahahaha!"

Etela, watching with an angry expression, lay down on the ground and coldly turned her back.

'I shouldn't engage.'

How much time had passed?

'Huh?'

Realizing she had been sleeping, Etela hurriedly sat up.

'What?'

Noticing the scenery was completely different from where she'd fallen asleep, she looked around.

It was a place with soft earth, and even a small spring was visible 10 meters ahead.

'Water, it's water.'

Though she wouldn't die from not drinking, the pain of dehydration was no different from reality.

Crawling there, she saw Shagal sitting near the water, holding a handful of dirt to his nose.

"...Did you bring me here?"

Shagal was silent for a long time, only speaking after brushing the dirt from his hands.

"I just moved following the smell of water. I was going crazy with thirst."

His memory was hazy from severe dehydration.

'How can there be water in hell?'

The thought was brief, and Etela, as if possessed, plunged her lips into the water's surface.

Gulp, gulp.

The sound going down her throat was so refreshing it quenched even the listener's thirst.

"Haah! Haah!"

As her mind cleared, she finally had the luxury to worry about other things.

"Where is this?"

"I don't know either. You know you were wandering around that iron forest continuously? Probably because there's a magnetic field that makes you lose your sense of direction."

"No, why are you only now..."

Realizing it was pointless to argue, Etela swallowed her words and sighed.

"Keep talking."

Shagal stood up.

"Here we might get some information. There's water, and it smells of corpses. This is probably an artificial place made using corpses. Otherwise, there's no way such a cozy place would exist in hell."

His words made sense.

'But who? If it's a being that needs water in hell, other than the living...'

At that moment, the bushes rustled and Etela stopped thinking, quickly turning her head.

She heard human voices.

"What, someone's there?"

Parting bushes of plants that didn't exist in reality, like animal refuse, a group appeared.

All had fierce expressions, and their aura was extraordinary, befitting the name of hell.

A one-eyed man opened his single eye wide.

"A woman? It's a woman."

And one with a pure atmosphere that didn't suit the Dark Hell where fallen souls gathered.

"What are you guys?"

Shagal asked while sitting, but the seven thugs didn't even pretend to listen.

"These ones have chains. They're bound by karma. Let's see what kind of shit they did..."

A man with a vertically split tongue lifted the chain and looked back and forth between Shagal and Etela.

"Oh, it's a chain of connection?"

Laughter erupted.

"How interesting. Hey, what are you two? What did you do? Adultery? Or incest?"

Shagal stood up.

"I don't know what you guys are doing, but get lost. I'm taking over this place from now on."

"Oh, is that so? You vulgar perverts. You know who we are? We once ruled the world as serial killers, man. Really scary guys."

A man who had approached from behind without a sound placed a hatchet against Shagal's neck.

"Don't move. If your head falls off, your remaining hell life will be incredibly tough."

With two surrounding Shagal, the rest approached Etela.

"A beauty? You must have charmed men in life. Too precious to use as food."

Etela retreated, but couldn't create distance due to the chain connecting her to Shagal.

"Stop."

Shagal said.

"The moment you touch that woman, you die."

Even as he spoke, he felt chills, but Etela's pain was his pain.

"Puhahaha! How touching? Even fallen to hell, you protect love?"

The man behind Shagal tapped his neck threateningly with the axe.

"Don't be mistaken, man. You're the worst one here. That's why you fell here."

'Tap, tap, tap, tap.'

Shagal memorized the tapping rhythm with his body and manifested a dagger in his right hand.

'Quick Draw.'

Stabbing the one-eyed man's neck at tremendous speed made a sound like cutting air.

"...Huh?"

Only after blood spurted from the embedded blade did the killers understand the situation.

"You bastard!"

Shagal bent his torso at the same speed as the axe and twisted his body, extending his left hand.

"Gack!"

Simultaneously grabbing the man's neck, his right hand's quick-draw blade rapidly reciprocated.

Thwap thwap thwap thwap thwap!

It looked like vibration, and blood and organs poured from the abdomen pierced by 17 blades.

"Grrrrr..."

"What, serial killers?"

As the man collapsed with rolled-back eyes, Shagal gripped a new dagger and turned around.

"Next, who wants to die?"

The forest was silent.