"Freedom!"

When Smodo's emaciated body was revealed, Tess's face turned pale.

Piercings hung all over his body like clusters, and his skin had progressed to necrosis, taking on a bluish hue like a corpse.

"Freedoooom! Freedoooom!"

What had he been hoping for?

Tess despaired at the fact that no matter what revenge she took, this suffocating feeling would never disappear.

"Kahaha! I am free!"

Blood flowed down each time he tore out piercings with his intact pinky finger.

"Die."

Even without any resentment toward Smodo, it was a sight she wanted to erase from the world.

Just then, the wall of the control room was torn away.

"Why are you so late?"

The brigade commander and other demons had entered to check on the prolonged battle situation.

'What's this?'

After confirming Zetaro and Smodo's condition, the brigade commander noticed the absence of the guards.

'These bastards...'

Even though Satan had possessed Havitz, demons fundamentally hated humans.

Especially now that military authority had passed from Balkan to Paimon, there was no reason for demons to care about these two's safety.

'Tch, but they're ones Satan cherishes.'

Thinking it would be troublesome if they died, the brigade commander tucked Zetaro and Smodo under each arm.

Smodo had lost consciousness.

"Return to headquarters! Have those with regenerative abilities on standby!"

"Stop!"

Tess pulled out the saber embedded in the floor and ran, but the brigade commander had already left the creature.

"Damn it!"

In any case, since Smodo was injured, seizing the creature would be difficult for a while.

But she didn't feel good about it.

'They're not human.'

The sight of Smodo and Zetaro hanging from the demon's arms looked like monsters to her.

* * *

The sound of ribs breaking echoed rhythmically.

If it weren't his own bones, Ryan would have found it pleasant.

'I can't predict it.'

Natasha, moving with her distinctive rhythm, kept targeting Ryan's blind spots.

Syncopated concerto.

A fast-tempo dance piece composed by Rastani, characterized by sudden changes in beat.

Thuk. Thuk. Thuk.

More than his bones breaking, Ryan was concerned that his regeneration speed had slowed compared to before.

'No, perhaps this is normal.'

His abnormally strong right arm was being adjusted to match his left arm's strength.

It meant that Ymir's arm he had swallowed was no longer remaining in his body.

'Why did Ymir...'

Why had he regenerated Ryan's right arm, even going so far as to give up his own arm?

'Thanks to that, I was able to cross countless lines of death. And eventually, I reached Idea.'

If this was what Ymir wanted.

'Good.'

Ryan opened his eyes wide and charged forward.

'From now on, it's only my path.'

Even without the brains to solve problems, never becoming pessimistic in any situation was Ryan's strength.

"Here I come!"

As the great sword fell vertically, Natasha's body spun half a turn as if bouncing.

While the blade grazed the tip of her nose, the steel wire connected to the death line was pulled taut as if about to snap.

He had gotten quite close, but Ryan didn't even feel disappointed.

'Talent aside, that incarnation technique...'

Incarnation was probably a phenomenon where a person's disposition manifested in form.

Therefore, having an incarnation in the shape of a skeleton meant something had already died in her heart.

'Does it mean being alive has no meaning?'

As Natasha's afterimage swayed left and right in his peripheral vision, Ryan felt dizzy again.

Like blinking rapidly, she would be on the right, then on the left.

'She's extremely good at it.'

Combat.

Also, her incarnation technique seemed to push her physical abilities to the limits of the law.

What she had to give up in return was probably 'autonomy.'

A puppet.

Natasha was a puppet that couldn't dance alone.

About 3 frames later, her fist had somehow reached Ryan's solar plexus.

"Guh!"

He tried belatedly to bring the great sword to his chest, but time had already passed.

Natasha asked.

"You can see my movements, right?"

Being able to consciously activate slow motion was enough to be considered among the highest masters.

"But do you know why you can't dodge them?"

She raised her index finger.

"Rhythm."

Slow motion was a realm of cognition.

Even if an incoming arrow appeared slow, catching that arrow was a separate matter.

Of course, Ryan could move his body at the speed of thought through divine transcendence, but...

"You have absolutely no sense of rhythm."

When an unknown rhythm was mixed into the opponent's movements, the result was being unable to perceive it at all.

'Time's seesaw isn't magic.'

If one's body fundamentally couldn't follow the opponent's rhythm, the same would be true even in slow motion.

Natasha held up her index finger sideways and waved her wrist as if keeping time.

"Can you feel it?"

The finger was... moving up and down?

Natasha had mixed syncopation into her rhythm.

"How about this? Does it feel different from before?"

When Ryan remained silent, Natasha nodded as if her analysis was complete.

"Do you know why rhythm is important? Because all events in the world unfold following the flow of time. People without rhythm sense simply accept the next event as it comes. But with rhythm sense, you can do many things. If you split one event into 3 beats, you can think on beat 1, prepare on beat 2, and strike on beat 3. But you only react when something's right in front of you."

Ryan couldn't refute this.

"Another advantage of rhythm is that you can draw your opponent's rhythm toward yours. No matter how strong an enemy is, after fighting for about 5 minutes, their distinctive rhythm becomes readable. From there it's a numbers game, and that's the fun part of combat..."

After hesitating briefly, Natasha continued.

"But I can't feel any rhythm from you at all. To be honest, it feels like fighting an incredibly strong beast."

Ryan said briefly.

"That's my way."

"That way is wrong. The reason you've been able to survive until now is probably because you defeated most enemies early on, right? Before they could grasp your rhythm."

That was indeed the case.

"Like a beast catching prey, crushing with overwhelming force. It's fine that you could do that. But once someone like me adapts to you, how should I put it? If I were to express your combat as a song, it would be at the level of children's nursery rhymes. And completely tone-deaf at that."

Ryan recalled memories of learning nursery rhymes from his sister Reina when he was young.

He sang along enthusiastically, but each time, she would fall backward laughing hysterically.

Well, it was a good memory.

The problem was that this was now a life-or-death battle.

Natasha said.

"No matter how good your vocal range or tone, that's not singing. Similarly, you're strong, but you're definitely not someone who's good at combat."

"So what?"

Ryan's ribs had completely healed.

"I've known I had no talent since I first picked up a sword. I failed countless times and was ridiculed."

"Are you trying to say you won despite that?"

"No."

Ryan charged forward.

"That's what my sword is."

At his more spirited display than before, Natasha took her stance with a bewildered expression.

'Is he an idiot?'

After pointing out his flaws this much, shouldn't he at least criticize her in return?

'I would have.'

But Daphne hadn't.

After receiving criticism from Natasha, she had constantly undermined and slandered Natasha.

"...Dance of Death."

Natasha's eyes filled with the will to truly kill her opponent.

The most intense and fastest dance piece she knew.

'Night of Madness.'

Creating a tunnel of void in the air, Natasha approached and kicked Ryan in the ribs.

"Ugh!"

The Yaksha's muscles twisted like a pretzel.

'If rhythm won't work, I'll follow with strength!'

Squeezing out all his body's strength to twist his waist, Natasha finally came into his field of vision.

'I can see her.'

In extreme slow motion, her body was flickering like light, blinking on and off.

'What is this?'

It meant Natasha was repeatedly going outside and inside Ryan's perception.

1/40,000th beat.

That was the beat at which she handled a single event.

'I have no choice but to strike!'

The moment Ryan swung his great sword vertically, Natasha turned her body and approached the side of the blade.

Ting. Ting ting.

Even to the trick of flicking the great sword's blade with her fingernails, Ryan couldn't react at all.

The beat still remained.

Natasha was intently watching Ryan's gaze as it tracked her...

'Change the beat here.'

She suddenly twisted her body the opposite way.

'Damn it!'

Having lost sight of Natasha again, despair bloomed in Ryan's heart for the first time.

'Really, is it impossible to win?'

To hold onto his crumbling spirit, Ryan roared like a beast and swung his sword.

It was the height of savagery, but for Natasha who fought with rhythm, it was actually troublesome.

'Even a graze would be fatal.'

1/80,000th beat.

By chopping the rhythm even finer, Natasha regained her composure and unleashed a barrage.

Fist marks were imprinted all over Ryan's body.

'Damn it! Damn it!'

Feeling the self-loathing of being unable to respond even while watching, Ryan finally admitted it.

'I'm not suited for the sword.'

I have no talent.

'Someone like me trying to stop Ymir? No, it would be better to leave it to this woman.'

Whoever won would show a magnificent battle.

'Why me?'

If Brother Guy were alive, or rather, if Idea had been passed to Brother Rai instead.

'Even Sister Reina is better than me!'

She even had blue hair.

'I can't do anything! What exactly was I trying to accomplish here...'

When Natasha's fist destroyed Ryan's left eye socket, half his vision disappeared.

'Why, why me of all people!'

That's why it's you.

...

It was as if all of Ryan's cells were speaking.

Whether it was flame-like positive thinking or a conclusion reached by the Augent dwelling in his cells was unclear.

However, what flashed by faster than slow motion was the figure of Augent racing through heaven.

Having lost even human form, the strongest swordsman in human history, flailing his sword while crying out Smile's name.

'Never beautiful.'

Augent had saved Smile against all of heaven.

'I see.'

Ryan's dream was to become a swordsman who protected the side of the most brilliantly shining magician in human history.

'It was this simple.'

Ryan, his face contorted like a Yaksha, gripped the great sword with both hands and twisted his body.

Natasha's pupils shook.

'What?'

Ryan was still turning his back, but the Yaksha's face, as if already rotated, protruded semi-transparently.

'Graaaah!'

As the will of divine transcendence guided him, Ryan's body began to contain rotational force.

'Whether I have talent or not!'

'Tremendous speed...!'

Natasha leaned back from her upper body and moved away.

'Whether they mock me or not!'

Following the afterimage of the great sword, the surrounding air could be seen shattering like glass shards.

'Whether human or not human!'

What did any of that matter?

'Just get it done!'

Natasha discovered the great sword that had somehow approached near her waist and felt chills.

1/160,000th beat.

She chopped the rhythm even more sharply, and just as she felt relieved that she still had room...

'Thuk?'

She heard something snapping in her head.

The rhythm was being destroyed.

'Irregular beat.'

What kind of beat couldn't be contained even when one event was split into 160,000 pieces?

'That's impossible!'

Her pride wounded, Natasha felt the 1/160,000th beat at an even faster rhythm.

1/320,000th beat.

But what echoed in her head wasn't rhythmic pulsing.

Thuthuthuthuthu! Thuthuthuthuthu!

Only the noise of perfect irregular beats crushing the rhythm entirely.

'This guy.'

Natasha realized.

'Really has no talent.'

If having too little talent could be called talent, was Ryan the natural enemy of geniuses?

'Does that make sense?'

No talent being talent.

As if answering, the tip of the great sword penetrated deep into Natasha's abdomen, sending a sharp sensation.

'Ah, right.'

In Natasha's eyes, it was just one flaw.

'But to this man, it's life.'

What he had to carry in his heart his entire life, endlessly swinging his sword to overcome...

"Yaaaaaaah!"

Because it was life itself.

"Hah!"

As blood spurted from her stomach like a fountain, Natasha unconsciously let out a groan.

Suddenly this thought occurred to her.

'Am I...'

Aren't we thinking too complexly?

Unable to perform one action that simply requires doing our best, aren't we running away with countless thoughts?

'See, Daphne.'

Her friend who had shared dreams with her.

'You can do it if you try.'

Natasha smiled bitterly.

'Still...'

If she had eyelids, she would have made a very gentle eye-smile.

"I'm sorry."