[508] The Backlash of Evil (2)

"Satan, the Law of Evil."

Gando repeated Woorin's words exactly.

Currently, Woorin was pointing to Satan as the prime suspect, but the name Satan was familiar in human history as well.

Of course, no one had seen its true form directly, but through countless written records and drawings, people could subjectively imagine Satan's appearance.

"Right. If there's something Ankh Ra cannot handle, it would be evil. And if we're talking about a concept that represents that evil, Satan would be perfect."

Heaven and the earthly realm had maintained limited exchanges for a long time.

Through this process, humanity accumulated history about gods and angels, demons and monsters, which became myths that settled in people's hearts.

"The opposition between good and evil is different from the opposition between nothingness and existence. It's not clear-cut. But it's definitely a concept that exists. So when exactly did it originate?"

When Gando couldn't answer, Woorin raised his index finger and pointed at the ceiling.

"From the beginning. To be precise, from when we could first think of 'the beginning.'"

Ankh Ra defined this universe as a garbage dump abandoned by God and decided to become God himself.

And from that moment, the universe became the universe, but in reality, it was the same principle as the universe having existed even before he was there.

"That's what good and evil are. The whole, and something that opposes the whole. Perhaps it's endless chaos and instability. And from the moment we recognized the universe, it began to act upon us under the names of good and evil."

"So... Ankh Ra cannot eliminate the Law of Evil."

Woorin crossed his legs and rested his chin on his hand.

"Hmm, that's currently the most likely theory. Once Tormia's Cage Team B returns, we'll be able to hear more details."

Gando finally felt like the threads were being untangled.

What Ankh Ra cannot do, humans can.

"In the end, what Ra wanted from us was for followers of good to eliminate Satan."

Woorin made an extremely artificial smiling expression.

It looked lovely because he knew it was a joke.

"It's right to think that way. But Gando, humans aren't beings who choose between good and evil."

Gando blinked.

He thought humans could choose between good and evil.

In fact, couldn't he himself make that decision right now?

"Then what kind of beings are humans?"

"Beings who define good and evil."

"......"

"There's no absolute boundary line that separates good and evil. That's the biggest reason why Ankh Ra cannot eliminate evil. But humans are different. We're extremely selfish and individual, so we can flow toward either good or evil, and that's why we're unstable."

Woorin picked up a crystal glass filled with alcohol and leaned back against his chair.

"Instability always reveals weaknesses. That's why humans are said to be weak. But there's also something that makes us strong because of that."

"What is... that?"

When Gando, freed from his thoughts, looked up and asked, Woorin brought the glass to his lips and pointed at Gando with his finger.

"Conviction."

CRASH!

Etela, who had been slammed into the wall, sat down hard on the floor in a crouched position.

"Ugh!"

Setting aside the exhaustion of battle, it was getting irritating.

Currently, Etela was probably the person with the strongest will of good in Heaven.

And therefore, she was also the one who could stop Satan.

But even when she exerted all her strength and pressed Satan hard, Satan quickly recovered his energy and counterattacked with an even stronger body than before.

Without even looking, she could tell that this world's laws were tilting toward Satan.

"Heh heh, quite a tough woman."

The 30-meter-tall Satan cracked his neck as he approached Etela.

The building they had been in was already completely collapsed, and only the low wall boundaries indicated that this had been the angels' quarters.

"Why do you keep fighting?"

Satan asked, looking at Etela's fierce glare.

"I mean, why risk your life on foolish thoughts? Evil always rules the world. Because it's the most efficient means to fulfill desires."

Satan grabbed and tore off the roof of a temple standing tall before him.

When he clenched his fist, the solid bricks crumbled like dust.

"The easiest way to have something is to just take it. If you see food over there, you just go and steal it. Humans know this simple principle all too well. So why do they do foolish things?"

Etela slowly stood up, supporting herself with both hands on the ground.

"If humans were truly evil beings..."

And she took a fighting stance again, looking up at Satan's towering face.

"Why is this world still being maintained even now?"

This time Satan fell silent.

"Right, humans might not need something like goodness. Even if left to their desires, they'd create their own justice and live well. But remember this clearly. The reason countless people maintain their humanity even in this life full of evil is because a few with the will of good have endlessly protected it."

"So you fight too? Even while giving up your desires?"

Etela chuckled.

"This is my desire. With an extremely selfish heart, I want this world to be filled with love."

Whooooo.

A long breath escaped as vitality began to return to Etela's body.

"Good is definitely alive in places where evil like you doesn't even cast a glance. And I'm alive too."

Etela gritted her teeth and charged forward.

"The fact that humanity still exists is, to me, the clearest conviction about good more than anything else!"

Watching Etela leap up from the ground, Satan frowned.

Conviction.

Humans believe in what they believe is right.

That's why humans are dangerous.

Even knowing that following evil's methodology is sweet and easy, those who pursue good have existed endlessly.

"Pathetic."

Satan raised his fist, aiming at Etela charging up at him.

"Come at me, human!"

"TAHAAAAA!"

Etela, dodging the fist and running up the forearm, spun and kicked Satan's jaw.

Satan's rock-like massive face turned, and as Etela fell, she crossed both arms and caught her breath.

As her arms opened and her eyes shone, the secret technique of the Yin-Yang Wave Fist unfolded.

Thousand-Armed Avalokitesvara Thunder Strike.

Thud thud thud thud thud thud thud thud!

Tremendous speed consecutive strikes pounded the solid chest, and ripples spread from within.

Countless waves interfered, refracted, and reflected, spreading throughout Satan's entire body.

'I believe! In humans!'

Etela increased the speed of her consecutive strikes to the point where she couldn't even breathe.

'In the will of good in human hearts!'

Thud thud thud thud thud!

A downpour fell inside Satan's body.

"Grrrrrr!"

A downpour fell inside Satan's body.

"Hey! Uriel!"

This was a very long time ago.

Cariel went looking for Uriel, who had once again destroyed his creation.

Just seeing that massive bulk staring blankly up at the sky was infuriating enough.

'So ignorant.'

Cariel flew in a fierce trajectory.

"Hey! Why do you keep breaking my things!"

Uriel's answer when he turned his head was simple.

"Just make them unbreakable."

"What, what?"

"I'm the Archangel of Destruction. I can break everything. If you're also the Archangel of Creation, shouldn't you make things that absolutely cannot be broken?"

Cariel was about to retort but gritted his teeth.

"Damn it!"

He had no words to argue back.

"I can make them! But what you destroyed wasn't that kind of thing to begin with! I'm telling Michael everything."

"How pathetic. Michael may be the only one born before us, but we're all Archangels anyway. Handle your own business."

"Haha! You say that, but you won't be able to move a muscle. Wait, I'm going right now..."

The moment Cariel turned around, Michael flew over from far away.

Cariel's face brightened as he illuminated his holy light and called to her.

"Michael! Michael!"

When Michael flew over, Cariel reported all of Uriel's misdeeds in detail.

"He destroys everything I make unconditionally. Please scold him."

Unlike his confident words earlier, Uriel also turned his head awkwardly.

"Hmm."

Michael looked down at Cariel's creation that was miserably destroyed.

"Yes, it's badly broken. Uriel was too harsh."

"Since it's come to this, I'm going to make things that absolutely won't break from now on. Things so strong that Uriel can't do anything about them."

Michael smiled beautifully and said,

"Of course that would be wonderful too. But Cariel, if all things don't break, someday there will come a day when you can no longer create anything new."

"B-but..."

"There's no creation without destruction. You know that too, don't you?"

"But it makes me feel bad. It feels like I'm losing to Uriel somehow."

"Hehe, not at all. You're the Angel of Birth. You're a being who can create the most beautiful things even in the most terrible ruins."

Michael gently stroked Cariel's head.

"Create the most beautiful thing in the world. Something so beautiful that Uriel won't even think of destroying it."

"......"

Cariel made a blank expression as if he had realized something.

Michael touched foreheads with him and said,

"You can do it, can't you, Cariel?"

"Cough! Cough!"

Cariel, awaiting annihilation, coughed roughly.

His pupils were already completely dilated, showing no signs of life.

It was a terrible sight.

'What I created is just ruins. What more can I create here? Michael, you were wrong. I couldn't do it in the end.'

From somewhere higher than the sky, the faint sound of the atmosphere tearing could be heard.

'Something is coming.'

"Cariel."

Michael approached.

God's punishment would soon strike Heaven, but she felt she had to watch over Cariel's final moments.

"Hmph, only now do you look at me? I'm so honored I could die."

"Are you alright?"

"Just fine. I'll be annihilated soon. I'll disappear quickly, so hurry up and get lost."

Michael knelt in front of Cariel and placed her hand on his distorted chest.

"I'm sorry. Everything is my fault. Making you like this too."

Cariel closed his mouth.

Michael's attitude of treating him kindly despite his harsh words wasn't bad to accept.

'Ah...'

Cariel realized belatedly.

The fact that Michael had always been kind to him.

"You must... resent me?"

Michael slowly shook her head.

"No. Why would I resent you?"

Those heart-fluttering words made Cariel hurt even more.

"It's the end anyway. I'm going to be annihilated. So tell me honestly. You resent me, don't you? I insulted you, mocked you, made you suffer."

"Cariel, you're a good angel."

"Don't lie!"

Where did this energy come from?

Cariel shouted as if he didn't care about being annihilated right now.

"You loved humans! You took humans' side until the end! So why are you lying to me!"

Michael looked down at Cariel with a pitying expression.

"Yes, I do love humans."

A gentle touch stroked Cariel's head.

It was that touch he had felt long ago.

"And Cariel, among all the angels I know, you're the angel most similar to humans."

"Sob! Sniff!"

Tears flowed down Cariel's cheeks as he squeezed his eyes shut.

Now he finally understood.

Why he had hated humans.

"I was wrong! Sob! I'm sorry!"

Michael continued to stroke Cariel's head with a sad smile mixed with sorrow and pity.

Cariel's eyelids began to slowly close as he became drowsy.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry..."

Mother.

A name that could never exist for an angel was the last consciousness carved into Cariel's holy light body.

His hideously broken body transformed into brilliant light, decorating the end of annihilation.

'Ankh Ra, please watch over poor Cariel.'

Michael remained in place even after Cariel disappeared, and Flu, who had been standing behind her, turned his head toward the sky.

God's punishment was still not visible.

'Well, that's natural.'

It would be at a terrifying speed.

Therefore, once it came into visible range, crashing into the ground would be instantaneous, too fast to even react.

Time remaining until Heaven's destruction.

4 minutes 32 seconds.