Black Victory (2)

Void, Assistant Director of the Infernal Corporation.

Having received the summons and arrived at the Karma Management Department, he bowed his head at Lethe's instructions.

"Yes. Yes."

Unlike Monoras, Void was reliable in his work, and he didn't even have material desires.

"When you arrive at Raviette, meet with the Chief Secretary first. It seems he'll be a bit late due to some business... Anyway, after that, go to the Grand Duke and relay what I told you."

"Understood."

Given her temperament, she wanted to hand full authority over to Void.

'Ugh, that detestable pig.'

But thinking of the humiliation Monoras would face, she couldn't help but soften her heart.

"Proceed as planned then. Assist the Chief Secretary well. Make sure there are no mistakes."

"...Yes."

The thought of working with Monoras made the future look bleak, but wouldn't Lethe feel the same way?

'I will help you, Director.'

To Void, Lethe was the most rational being in hell and the mother of all demons.

'Only Monoras doesn't know that.'

As Void left with cold eyes, Lethe sighed and ran her hand through her hair.

"Phew, now I'll get some rest for a bit..."

"Director!"

Vivian shouted.

"Classification number 4984! Incident at the Wall of Wailing! That's where Rian is!"

Lethe, now fully awake, spun around.

"What is it?"

Without Vivian needing to explain, the scene of the Wall of Wailing exploding appeared on screen.

"Yahweh."

Though it hadn't collapsed completely, thousands of holes had been punched through it and humans were pouring out.

"Has that bastard gone insane! If he's going to leave, why can't he go quietly instead of destroying the warehouse! What's the total damage?"

"He seems to have collided with Black Victory. The financial loss is significant, but more than that, there's a system error..."

Vivian pointed at Rian.

"What do we do about this?"

The color gradually drained from Lethe's face as she stared intently at the screen.

"Just a little more!"

Rian, who had been climbing vertically up the left wall, finally spotted the end and leaped.

KWAAAANG!

At the powerful explosion, he turned to see the Wall of Wailing riddled with holes like cheese.

"Rian!"

Sirone shouted.

"Let's meet at the end!"

To reach the Infernal Corporation, crossing the Wall of Wailing was the only way.

As Sirone spread his wings of light and sprinted while avoiding Black Victory, Rian also surveyed ahead.

Far more Black Victory units than what Sirone had faced were blocking his view.

"Gehenna?"

He was a target for purification.

"Being bound by the suffering of fierce flames, you are one who should not enjoy freedom. By what arrogant sorcery have you broken your chains to wander about?"

Rian pointed his great sword.

"Because I decided to do so."

Karma was the result of cause, a code that could not be changed by any method.

'Is such a thing possible?'

From Black Victory's perspective, it was a shock equivalent to the dead coming back to life.

"...Purify him."

The Black Victory units surged forward like smoke.

"Punish the sinner!"

The black cloaks rippled like liquid, then swelled greatly like smoke, devouring the space.

Black chains shot toward Rian, and scythes hidden in the cloaks flashed in an instant.

"Hiyaaaa!"

As Rian's great sword delivered the first strike of Arrhythmia, the darkness ahead split cleanly.

"Grrrr! How..."

Having blocked the unpredictable movement with a single blow, the Black Victory unit's wariness skyrocketed.

"Be careful. It's the pinnacle of a single strike."

Like the Zeta function.

Just as one cannot find patterns in prime numbers within infinite numbers, Rian's rhythm was still impossible to define.

'Certainly a rhythm that doesn't exist even in hell. So messed up that even gods would frown.'

Arrhythmia contained all the techniques that swordsmanship could create within a single straight line.

'Approach carelessly and you'll be cut down immediately.'

It was a technique of time, not space, and therefore the result of effort, not talent.

"Hiyaaaa!"

Nothing could block Rian's advance as he swung his sword in all directions.

As the Black Victory units struggled to watch, human hands emerged from the ground.

"Don't go."

Though the arm wrapped around his ankle was torn off, now everyone was grabbing onto Rian.

"Now's the chance! Finish him quickly!"

Because they wanted to be unhappy, Rian kicked off the ground, recalling Sirone's words.

"Get out of the way!"

Hands rose like reeds swaying along the path where Rian ran.

Eventually, several humans tore themselves from the wall and climbed up Rian's body.

A human with only his upper body remaining, dangling his spine, shouted.

"Don't go! You can't go!"

"Uaaaaah!"

Just as Rian tried to shake them off and run, he felt hot flames surge from his chest.

"Of all times... Kugh!"

The moment Gehenna's chains burst from his solar plexus and embedded themselves in all directions in the Wall of Wailing.

"UOOOOOOOOO!"

A scream that seemed to explode his brain was heard.

"Grrrrrr!"

As that scream separated into individual emotions, it began penetrating into Rian's heart.

"Why are you the only one free? We're suffering here, so why are you happy?"

"Like this—"

"You are—"

"Shut up!"

"Let's die together. Let's suffer together."

"You—"

"If you're free, I can't bear it."

Gehenna's chains were pulled out.

"I said shut up!"

Like sweet potato vines, hundreds of humans were dragged out in a mass along the chains.

"You're the same too. You're... the same as us."

Their voices penetrated deep into his heart, awakening Rian's hidden nature.

"Huuuuu!"

Blood vessels rose on Rian's neck as he gritted his teeth, and blood flowed from his eyes.

'Ozent Rai, you said?'

When his second brother succeeded in Sword Kill, all the acquaintances of the sword family said:

"Compared to him, Rian... has no talent."

"No, it's not just that level. He apparently has no understanding of swordsmanship at all."

On the way home after finishing sword training, Rian heard their whispers.

"The difference is so great that even the family head must be struggling. You know how the younger brother goes astray in such cases. It would be better to give up now if he doesn't want to hold back his brother later."

He heard hallucinations.

"You hate Rai, don't you? You must have wanted to kill him. Why was the talent given to him but not to me?"

"Rai is just Rai."

The person Rian really wanted to kill—

As Rian ran while cutting down Black Victory, 3,000 humans were dragged behind him.

"Hiyaaaaaa!"

As someone else grabbed onto the humans holding the chains, the number endlessly multiplied.

By his estimation, over 6 tons of weight.

'I won't give up!'

Unable to shake off those clinging to him, what he could do was extremely simple.

'Move. These two legs...'

It was something any human could do.

'So there really is such a thing as genius.'

When he lost to Sirone in a real sword duel at the Ozent family training ground, Rian realized.

'I will never be able to become like that.'

An emotion he had no choice but to acknowledge.

'It's a bit... bitter.'

In the sense of defeat he hadn't felt even from Rai, Rian had to make a choice.

'Let me do what I can do.'

Something anyone could do.

He heard hallucinations.

"You're jealous of Sirone, aren't you? You just want to be by his side because Sirone seems to shine so brightly."

"No."

"You actually want to kill him, don't you? If someone gave you the power to kill Sirone, you would accept that power. Because you're jealous of Sirone."

"Sirone is just Sirone."

The person Rian really wanted to kill—

"Kyaaaah! Don't go! Don't go!"

As Rian sprinted 14 kilometers, a massive clump of humans was dragged behind him.

"Let's die together! Let's die together!"

Estimated mass: 94 tons.

"Say whatever you want! I will never stop!"

The person Rian really wanted to kill—

'Myself.'

The future Ozent Rian who had finally reached his destination by overcoming all pain, all training, all despair.

"Grab him! Grab him! Don't let him escape! Everyone get up! Grab him!"

Estimated mass: 187 tons.

"Kiyaaaa! Be buried here! You too should live as a wall just like us!"

Rian kept moving his legs endlessly.

'Yes, interfere! Beat me all you want! No matter how much you trample me, no matter how much you pray for me to die!'

The future Rian waiting in the distance pointed his great sword at the present Rian.

"I will not stooooop!"

Estimated mass: 302 tons.

Yet seeing that his speed didn't drop, the Black Victory units continued to retreat.

"Let's attack. We can finish him now."

The Black Victory units charging from all sides were swept away by Rian's single strike containing Arrhythmia.

"Come at me! Try anything!"

If acceleration decreased, it would be over.

Feeling the load on the chains growing exponentially, Rian gritted his teeth.

"I—"

Get stronger every day.

"I—"

Fail until I can no longer afford to fail.

'Repeat what everyone can do, and fill each day completely with that.'

Then compress each of those days again like 1 second...

"I!"

Leap through vast time!

"Hiyaaaaaa!"

Gehenna's chains glowed red-hot and the bodies of the clinging humans caught fire.

"Kiyaaaa! No! No!"

Those who absolutely didn't want to let Rian go embraced the chains with their whole bodies.

"It hurts! It huuuurts!"

For them to bear what Rian was carrying, the temperature of the flames was far too hot.

'He's here!'

The future Rian nodded as if acknowledging him, then charged at himself.

Rian raised his great sword.

"I will kill you."

Because that place is now mine.

"Get away!"

Watching the humans clinging to the chains turn to ash, the Black Victory units scattered in all directions.

"Divine Transcendence."

Finally, the two Rians who met at one point swung their great swords toward each other.

...

As the future Rian was cut down, everything in front was split up and down.

"Kieeeee! Th-this is...!"

Where the Black Victory units scattered like smoke and vanished, the end point of the Wall of Wailing became visible.

'I've arrived.'

At the moment he kicked off the rooftop with his last strength, he heard Sirone's voice from the left.

"Rian!"

Though his appearance was terrible, his expression as he waved toward Rian was truly bright.

"Sirone."

My sun that I can never reach.

'Still.'

Rian smiled at Sirone, then turned his head to look at the wide-open horizon.

'We're running side by side.'

The half-collapsed Wall of Wailing and the burning Wall of Wailing were seeing them off.

The Karma Management Department was engulfed in silence.

Lethe, who had been watching the screen with a stunned expression, wandered around her seat meaninglessly.

"Ah..."

Though her mind finally returned to thinking, the rising headache was not welcome at all.

"The damage, what's the extent of the damage?"

As she asked while rubbing the back of her neck, Vivian turned with a slightly frightened expression.

"Roughly about 83 billion Death."

"Oh."

Lethe nodded coolly, but once her head started moving, it showed no signs of stopping.

"83 billion. 83 billion Death means let me see... about 2 duchies blown away?"

"Yes, well."

Lethe's foot stamped the ground with a thud.

"These damn humans really! The company situation is already bad enough to kill me and they cause me this kind of damage? This won't do! I have to go myself! Call the Assistant Director back!"

Vivian said urgently.

"You need to handle damage recovery first. If Director Lethe is also absent in the current situation, the company will be paralyzed."

Lethe's breathing became rough as she fell into thought, then made a tearful face and shouted.

"Does God really exist?"