Friend or Foe Identification (1)

First Army Corps Commander Baal.

Just possessing demon realm power capable of destroying planets made him a being on a completely different level from other army commanders.

'This is serious.'

More than anything, it didn't make sense that the Ivory Tower, where humanity's strongest mages gathered, could be breached so easily.

Shirone realized from Singh's calm expression.

"...Did you deliberately not block it?"

"You brought this upon yourself."

Singh said.

"You shouldn't have come here. It's better for the Ivory Tower to disappear than to give Taeseong freedom."

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Why are you going this far? You've saved humanity from countless crises until now. What's the reason?"

"There were times when Taeseong's power was needed. Now it's different. When the outer world opens, Cell Buster will activate. And Taeseong will become the vanguard of that destruction."

"That's not true."

"Trust me, Shirone. The administrators aren't human. They have no hearts. The fact that they've protected humanity until now is only because they're programmed that way."

"Even if they are programs, they have will. They have affection for the world they created."

"That's just how they were designed."

Singh said.

"Every existence except me is an illusion. In this world, the only reality is me alone. My parents, my friends, everyone I've met - they're all just programs."

"I'm not a program."

"Maybe so. But how can you prove it?"

"I'm not mentally unstable. To decide something based on 'probably so,' we have too much responsibility on our shoulders."

Singh pointed at Shirone.

"Depending on how you define the administrators, humanity's future changes. The stars that follow me believe in the fact that you couldn't prove it. Conversely, the stars that follow you simply trust you. That's extremely emotional."

"That's not true."

Shirone shook his head.

"Just because something can't be proven doesn't make it false. Rather, circumstantially it's almost close to the truth. If it's almost close to the truth, it's much more efficient to believe that and pursue something."

"Even if that trust could lead humanity to destruction? Wake up, Shirone. Even giving you the benefit of the doubt that your words have merit, isn't Taeseong clearly an administrator? I'm helping you. I'm eliminating the threat so you can track the outer world."

The Ivory Tower shook greatly.

"Please go, Shirone."

As Baal broke through the 70th floor, Taeseong said.

"We must prevent the Ivory Tower from being annihilated. Right now, you're the only one who can fight."

Singh said.

"Leave the Ivory Tower, Shirone. You cannot go down. The stars will block your way."

The moment he finished speaking, Yin and Yang simultaneously raised their hands, displaying the harmony of yin and yang.

'Tremendous law.'

Singh's penetration was the strongest in the Ivory Tower.

But the being she was trying to restrain wasn't Shirone, but Taeseong behind him.

'Even during humanity's countless crises, there are no records of Yin and Yang being active.'

Why had Singh hidden them?

'To fight the administrators.'

If her obsession was this thorough, it would be difficult to persuade her through dialogue right now.

'Taeseong-nim.'

Shirone briefly looked back at Taeseong, who was bound by the law of yin and yang, and spoke.

"Please hold on a little longer. I'll come back to save you."

Taeseong nodded, and Shirone's gaze turned to the door behind Singh.

"You'll regret this."

Before he could finish speaking, Shirone had already passed Singh and was heading outside.

A day after the Holy War opened, the rough framework of alliances began to take shape.

Even amid the heated discussions of national leaders, a phenomenon of distinguishing friend from foe occurred.

'Jive, Iron, Arachne. They're allies.'

These were the three countries that had forced through the banquet last night, and it made sense through Omega as well.

'They're countries that pursue moderate policies. But when you look at the actual inner workings...'

Every single one was a monster of greed.

"We'll recess for one hour."

When lunchtime came, the heads of each nation began to exit one by one according to their alliance structure.

"Please come. Jive will treat you."

King Gis of Jive led the royalty of Iron and Arachne toward the dining room.

As Shirone watched, a girl came running from the end of the corridor.

"Daddy!"

"Oh, our little princess."

It was Gis's daughter Rebecca.

She appeared to be about thirteen years old and was adorned with jewelry unsuitable for her age.

"This is our daughter."

Praise from the royalty followed.

"Her beauty is already extraordinary. Well, Jive has many beautiful women."

"Haha! She takes after her mother. She's immature and relies only on her looks, so as a father, I worry."

"Daddy!"

When Rebecca shouted angrily, the royalty laughed.

'Hmph, she wouldn't even score 70 points.'

Just as Prince Marcus of Iron was evaluating the thirteen-year-old, Rebecca's eyes widened.

"Huh?"

She saw Shirone at the end of the corridor.

"Yahweh...?"

When Shirone slightly bowed his head, she smiled and waved her hand.

"Rebecca."

Sensing killing intent in her father's voice, she lowered her hand.

'Oops.'

Gis was someone who could kill even his daughter if she hindered his ambitions.

Of course, Rebecca had no complaints either.

If she could endure that one constraint, there were far too many things she could enjoy.

Watching the departing royalty, Shirone thought.

'Why did she wave at me?'

He knew Princess Rebecca of Jive to have a nasty personality and be extremely extravagant.

'Where have I seen her before?'

It felt vaguely familiar, but when he looked carefully, there was no matching person.

"Ah."

Shirone's eyes widened greatly.

"Death Princess?"

The meal prepared by the Jive Kingdom proceeded secretly under thorough security.

The royalty seated at the long table tasted delicacies, and Rebecca was also at the far end of the table.

'How boring.'

She recalled Shirone.

'He really looks exactly like High Gear. Ah, that was really fun back then. I wonder if he recognized me?'

Though she had changed various things like her hair color to hide her identity, she felt secretly hopeful.

"I have no appetite."

Basak of the Iron Kingdom said.

"Eating every day is also a chore. No matter what I eat, it's all the same. At times like this, I envy commoners. Hahaha!"

Gis chimed in.

"For people like us, that's also a big problem. We need to eat deliciously to have energy and run our countries. That's why I developed a new dish."

"A new dish?"

Gis clapped his hands.

The door opposite the entrance opened, and five naked children were dragged out with collars around their necks.

They were so emaciated from starvation that they were skin and bones, and their eyes were unfocused from weakness.

"Ah, aah..."

In that state, when they smelled food, they trembled all over as if struck by lightning.

"Food! Food... Gah!"

As they crawled forward flailing their limbs, they gasped heavily, caught by their collars.

A muscular man restrained the children's collars at a distance where they couldn't reach the table.

As the royalty of Iron and Arachne watched in a daze, Gis smiled and asked.

"Don't you have more of an appetite now?"

Perhaps this was shameful.

But the bond between those who had already shared the depths of corruption at last night's banquet was strong.

Marcus said.

"Oh, indeed. My appetite is slowly rising."

As the meal resumed, the collared children flailed their arms toward the table.

"Food... Please give us some food."

"The steak tastes excellent. Now I see that the Jive King's culinary skills are outstanding."

"Haha! You're too kind."

Everyone enjoyed the occasion, but Rebecca frowned at the children's wretched appearance.

'Ugh, if you're going to do it, at least wash them before bringing them out. He really likes dirty things.'

She had watched Gis indulge in pleasures while intoxicated since childhood.

A royal who was quickly devouring food with renewed appetite spoke before even swallowing what was in his mouth.

"By the way, *chomp chomp*. Habits is, *chomp chomp*. Being quiet."

"What can he do at the Holy War? Extreme evil? It's all pretense. When people need to survive, what can't they do?"

Gis waved his fork in agreement.

"Exactly that. As if some people haven't killed anyone in their youth. It's always the lacking ones who put on airs about such things. If that guy is Satan, then I'm Satan's grandfather."

"Puhahaha! That's a famous saying!"

As the royalty burst into loud laughter, Habits was also opening his jaw wide.

"When pursuing great deeds, some die unjustly, and since we get so stressed, we might just pounce instinctively. Why, we're men after all."

"Beasts, beasts. Kekeke."

"That's right, beastliness! Without this boldness, how could we run countries? People don't understand that."

Rebecca wasn't displeased.

'Same story again and again. As if they fed the entire country themselves. I wish the auction would start soon.'

When something is clearly not their concern, humans tend not to care about anything.

"Thank you for the meal."

Habits, who had put down his utensils on the plate, wiped his lips with a napkin and stood up.

"Food... Food..."

After briefly watching the starving children, Habits threw food from the table onto the floor.

"Ah! Aah!"

As they greedily chewed the meat, Habits crouched down and asked.

"Is it delicious?"

One child looked up with a surprised expression.

But there was no one in front of him.

The fact that he heard the momentary sound could be considered quite pure, but that was all.

"Satan's grandfather, huh."

Soon losing interest, Habits walked to Gis at the head table and grabbed his wrist.

"Anyway, please help me. A leading nation is just a leading nation in name, doesn't it mean we should all become one?"

Gis's arm bent, and the knife in his hand approached close enough to pierce his eye.

"Hmm."

Normally he would have gouged out the eye.

'Tsk.'

But since the deal with Uorin remained, it was premature to touch the king.

"How boring. Isn't there anything interesting?"

Walking around the table, Habits settled in the empty seat next to Rebecca.

'Should I try seducing Shirone? Daddy would like that too. I should buy some hallucinogens later.'

Hearing her thoughts, Habits shook his head.

"All the same. Everywhere."

With a thud, he put both legs up on the table and tilted his chair back, muttering.

"Isn't there something different?"

Some special sound that would entertain him.

Wizard said.

"Look over there."

At the end of the horizon she pointed to, Jive's capital stood with magnificent grandeur.

"Simultaneous events cannot occur in the same space. I'll disappear from here, so let's meet at Delta."

Amy and Shirone clasped hands.

"Right. I'll safely infiltrate Wizard into Delta, so don't worry. Ikael is here too."

Watching that pitiful sight, Wizard hung her head gloomily.

'This child?...'

As Ikael observed that appearance, Shirone placed his hand on Wizard's shoulder.

"You don't need to feel burdened. In case of emergency, I'll step in. Can you do it?"

Killing Habits.

"Yes."

Life returned to Wizard's eyes.

'I won't disappoint you.'

Shirone released the simultaneous event, and Amy looked back at Wizard, extending her hand.

"Now, shall we depart too?"

After hesitating briefly, Wizard reluctantly took her hand and began walking.

'Even Master couldn't kill Satan. But I can do it. I just need to kill Habits. Then maybe...'