Murder Game (3)

Albino stroked his beard.

"Hmm. Quan is a difficult sword to handle. In that sense, Siena's presence is significant. We should try to protect her as much as possible to maintain our combat strength, but..."

Lufist spoke up.

"Other nations are reading our thoughts too."

"That's right. The nation that captures Siena can avoid Quan's blade. Especially Uorin. She's desperate enough to throw everything at this since her neck is on the line. If we get dragged in, we'll lose everything." It was a matter of offensive and defensive positioning.

"Abandoning her would be the easiest move. But I'm worried about appearances. Should we hear Yahweh's opinion on this?"

Sirone said, "I will protect my teacher."

It was the right answer, but Lufist tilted his head.

"Is that possible? If you protect Siena, someone else will die. It's inevitable that there will be casualties when trying to protect everyone. It's a law judgment after all. But if you show favoritism to someone, you won't be Yahweh anymore, will you?"

He couldn't show discrimination in his heart.

"Don't misunderstand. When I say I'll protect my teacher, I mean I'll protect everyone. I have no intention of playing along with Havitz's game. I'm going to break the board."

"You mean to attack the system. If so, there would be no contradiction in your heart, but..."

It was that much more difficult.

"Do you have a method? We argued about this before, but unattainable ideals don't help." Gaffer said.

If you become strong enough to protect the entire world, then listen to everyone's story.

'I couldn't do it.'

He had even shed tears in frustration.

Of course, Ultima was still far away, but now he had one card.

"I can do it."

At least 7 million people would support him.

Small conference room.

"We'll take a brief recess. Everyone enjoy a delicious lunch and we'll meet again in the afternoon."

International Court Chief Justice Cyrano stood up coldly.

'How dare they reject my resignation without my permission? What do these people think I am?'

"Cyrano."

Socrates smiled slyly as he spoke.

"How about it? If you're free, some tea perhaps?"

"Get lost, you pig. Do you know who's responsible for this mess? You rejected my resignation, didn't you?"

"Procedurally, there's no problem. I simply rejected yours while submitting my own resignation."

"I'll kill you someday."

"Ha ha! Hearing that reminds me of when I was young. How about it? A hot night like back then..."

Socrates quickly shut his eyes when he saw Cyrano's fist flying toward him.

When there was no impact, he cautiously opened his eyes to find Cyrano sneering at him.

"You fool. Do you still remember what happened 20 years ago? That was pity. And most importantly, I wasn't even heterosexual back then."

"Well, but... it was still good, wasn't it?"

"Hohoho!"

Cyrano covered his mouth while laughing and pulled out tweezers from his makeup pouch, throwing them.

"Take it. It's a gift."

"A gift?"

"You seem lonely lately, so this should help. Have fun by yourself."

Even after Cyrano turned away, Socrates stared at the tweezers for a long time.

His hands were trembling.

'So clingy. How annoying.'

Sighing as he left the small conference room, Cyrano spotted a familiar face.

'Armin of Gwangan.'

He was a resident of the Ivory Tower who was currently serving as the brain of the Corona Kingdom.

'What's he doing here? There aren't any VIPs around.'

Each nation's capable individuals would be focused on protecting their kings or attacking other nations' kings.

"Siena."

Armin approached Siena as she came out with the teachers from Tormia Magic School.

"Brother."

When Siena was visibly flustered, Cyrano made an intrigued expression.

'Oh my, oh my. So that's how it is?'

Armin said, "Can we talk?"

"Well..."

As the teachers stepped aside, Siena looked past his shoulder down the corridor.

Armin's wife, whether real or fake, Keira was leaning against the wall with her arms crossed.

'What is this? How awkward.'

Armin was still a good brother, but this three-way situation was uncomfortable.

"What's going on?"

"Defect to Corona. Right now."

"What?"

Siena was dumbfounded.

"Why are you acting like this? What's happening?"

'People playing card games...'

He had just heard the results of Corona's think tank simulation of this murder game.

"You know too. The bloodshed has begun. Tormia won't do their best for you."

Since it was a system led by Havitz, accurate predictions were difficult, but one thing was certain: "Your life is in danger."

Siena understood.

"So what? You want me to abandon my country and run away?"

"All forces are focused on VIPs. Right now you're just a teacher. Come to Corona first."

When Armin grabbed her wrist, Siena shook him off.

"Don't treat me like a child. I can protect myself. And you were the one who told me to become a teacher."

"How will you protect yourself? Do you know who's targeting you? Without stop magic..."

"Stop it."

She couldn't face Keira.

"Why are you doing this? You have someone precious to you right there. I have someone I love now too."

That guy is the problem, you fool. He's too strong.

"Quan won't be able to come. Royal orders have probably already been issued. To break national law and protect you..."

"What's going on?"

Cyrano, who had been eavesdropping on the conversation with great interest, turned his head with a surprised expression.

'Oh my?'

It was the one-armed prosecutor Parka Quan, limping on one leg as he approached.

"Mr. Quan."

While Armin hadn't expected this, the most surprised person was Siena herself.

"How are you here?"

Quan looked around left and right as if the people's attention was strange, then said calmly, "I thought the meeting would be over. I came to have lunch together... Are you perhaps busy?"

Quan was a difficult sword to handle.

"Oh, no. I was just surprised. I mean, I thought you would be busy, Mr. Quan."

"I have a few orders, but nothing urgent. And since I made a promise, I should keep it."

The promise to stay by her side.

Siena, who had been dazed for a moment, soon regained her smile and took Quan's arm.

"Let's go eat."

She turned her head to Armin.

"You go back too, brother. Don't worry about here. The holy war situation isn't good either, so take care of yourself. You've gotten much thinner."

Faced with Siena's finally relaxed appearance, Armin couldn't be stubborn.

"Alright, I understand."

His bandaged eye looked at Quan, but he didn't say "please take care of her."

'That would be presumptuous.'

As Armin turned away, Keira bounced off the wall and shook her hair.

"Are you satisfied now? Then..."

At that moment, wind blew.

Everyone in the corridor turned their heads toward the direction of the strong wind, but there was nothing there.

'The other side!'

Twenty figures in owl masks and black cloaks had somehow occupied the corridor.

"...Wind Squad."

He felt that what was bound to come had come, but he couldn't shake the feeling that it was too early.

The leader of the formation spoke.

"Olifer Siena. As of this moment, we are taking custody of you. Come quietly."

When Quan tried to draw his sword, the leader raised his hand.

"Don't misunderstand. We're not here to fight. We're here to protect that woman."

"Protect? From whom? Siena belongs to the Kingdom of Tormia in the first place."

"For example..."

The leader's outstretched hand pointed forward.

"Something like that?"

At the same time everyone turned their heads, over ten bombs came flying.

"Yahoo!"

A gang with chicken head hairstyles stuck out their tongues as they threw the bombs.

Cyrano blocked the entrance to the small conference room and shouted, "Take cover!"

An explosion occurred.

'Damn! Those bastards...'

Most of them were capable of movement, but there were also holy war staff with no combat ability.

'They're openly committing terrorism?'

When the smoke cleared, they could see Socrates's massive back blocking the front. His quivering flesh settled down, and he turned around with a smile.

"Are you okay?"

"Move! I can't see!"

She pushed past his bulk and headed toward the collapsed wall where the key figures had escaped.

"Good heavens."

A chaotic battle was unfolding.

"They're not trained soldiers. They hired mercenaries to avoid revealing their origins. Which nation is it?"

Though each had different personalities and skills, she could tell from observing from a distance.

'They're only targeting that woman.'

Quan, holding Siena's waist, used telekinesis to dodge countless blades.

'Can't last long.'

Chicken Head was one thing, but the Wind Squad's simultaneous attack was considerable pressure even for Quan.

The biggest problem was...

'Siena.'

A one-armed person couldn't fight while protecting someone.

"Quan."

Just as he broke out of the encirclement with an impossible movement pattern, Armin approached.

"Leave Siena to me."

"This isn't the time to be stubborn. In that condition, you can't even draw your sword. I'll definitely protect her."

Armin of stop magic.

"Please."

Since Siena knew what risk Quan was shouldering, she couldn't refuse either.

"Be careful."

With those words, as Siena moved away, Quan finally grasped his sword.

"These bastards..."

Wind Squad and Chicken Head, trying to take Siena as if she were entrusted to them.

"Do you think I'm that pathetic?"

Ultra Sound.

As the world spun rapidly left and right, everyone entangled with Quan's eyes rolled.

Chicken Head screamed.

"Wh-what is this... Ugh!"

Before they could even feel the transcendence on their skin, dozens of necks went rolling.

'Don't need the flies.'

Quan's gaze, rushing like a gale, aimed at the Wind Squad floating in the air.

"Truly chilling."

Even in the sensation of the world shaking, the Wind Squad leader didn't move a muscle.

'Hmph! Let's see how long you can keep that composure...'

Just as Quan was about to leap, killing intent of a different dimension began surging from left and right.

'What?'

Kashan's Royal Guard - Near, Middle, and Far - were charging with different distances between them.

"Ugh!"

Just as Quan hastily activated telekinesis and disappeared into their blind spot.

"...Earth Bind."

Powerful gravity grabbed his ankle.

As he crashed to the ground with a thud, a silver spear blade flew at his eyes like an eagle's beak.

"Hngh!"

Quan used core vibration to destroy the gravity and spun his body while swinging his sword.

The battle stopped, and where everyone was looking, Quan and Kido were facing each other.

Cyrano's eyes widened.

"Kashan's Royal Guard Captain?"

Wind Squad, Royal Guard, and even the Royal Guard Captain.

"They sent all available forces? To capture just one woman?"

"Not the woman."

Socrates approached from the side.

"To stop that prosecutor."

Quan said, "Go back. Your mission has failed. I will never let you take Siena."

"Is that so?"

Kido gestured toward the sky with his eyes.

From the distant sky, 80 Wind Squad members flew in and formed one unit with the current formation.

Shock swept through people's eyes.

"One hundred?"

The complete Wind Squad.

The formation's leader changed swiftly, and Wind Squad leader Yula removed her owl mask.

"Quan."

And pointing her sword toward the ground, she said, "This time too, it's your defeat."