[667] To Radum (2)

Of course, Sirone knew that these were different from the corpse-eating monsters that inhabited the Middle East.

They were strictly human, yet they were those who had chosen to consume human flesh.

Even without recalling Canis's tale of eating filth, Sirone could imagine what kind of place Radum was.

In a space built of iron and stone, the only things they could eat would be stray beasts that had lost their way, or the humans visible beside them.

The thought of eating human flesh made his skin crawl, but as the mercenary company's captain, Sirone responded calmly.

"Let's go in. We'll maintain defensive formation in case of emergency."

As the 20-member mercenary company passed through the barricade and approached the alley, they could feel a sticky murderous intent wavering.

It was merely darkness, but it felt like being buried in something as damp as paint, and like black water dripping down like the drool of the starving.

"From here on is Radum."

Lufist spoke as they passed through the straight alley where the barricade was erected.

The reason the ghouls hadn't dared approach the corpses was because this alley, at least, was the guards' territory.

Jane whispered.

"Should we clean it up?"

If the mercenary company left as is, the guards' corpses would end up going down those creatures' throats.

"No, we push through."

Recovering the bodies to return them to their families was something he should do as the head of the Magic Association, but there was a more important mission remaining now.

'The kingdom's accessories.'

They were merely accessories that could be consumed as much as needed to achieve the objective.

"Light the torches."

Not wanting to provoke unnecessarily with Shining magic, the heavy-armored swordsman Bycon and survival expert Bromark held torches and swept the surroundings.

Following the perimeter of light that drove away the darkness, shadows swiftly flew their bodies and hid in corners.

"Strange."

Lufist stopped walking.

The ghouls' obsession was much more intense than expected.

No matter how starved they were, they weren't stupid enough to be unable to distinguish superior predators.

If they saw a 20-member mercenary company, their instinct would be to move outside the radius.

But now they were maintaining minimal distance while watching this side until the end.

"Annoying. Should I just sweep them all away?"

Spearman Toto said while spinning his spear.

He was someone on the blacklist in this business due to his violent nature and uncontrollable personality, but he had joined the mercenary company for his mobility operating four schemas and excellent spearmanship.

"Hey! You vermin! If you're going to do something, come out quickly!"

As Toto's voice echoed through the alley entrance, Sirone frowned and turned around.

"Keep your voice down. If you provoke the enemy without permission again, I'll impose sanctions."

Toto shrugged his shoulders.

"Against mere ghouls..."

While it was common knowledge that Radum was dangerous, they weren't a weak enough unit to be intimidated by those who were emaciated from lack of food.

"There's a trap."

Bromark, kneeling on one knee, held his torch toward the alley and spoke.

"It's a booby trap connected with wire. These guys are luring us in."

"Uaaaah!"

Just then, a ghoul rushed out from the darkness, screaming as if his throat would tear.

'They're fighting?'

Considering their survival principle number one, it was an unbelievable situation.

"No need to be tense! It's just a ghoul!"

As the 20 members arranged their battle lines, Radum's residents rushed out from the darkness on all sides.

Without anyone going first, the mages cast Shining magic, and spheres of light floating in the sky brightly illuminated Radum's scenery.

"Ugh!"

Countless corpses were scattered about in terrible states.

Corpses with their innards dug out, corpses already rotted with bones showing, corpses with only hollow eye sockets - it was a spine-chilling sight just to look at.

"Hahaha! This is why I do mercenary work!"

The only excited person was Toto, and with each swing of his spear, ghouls were sent flying in all directions.

While the mages still couldn't find the right timing to step in, Bycon and Wig played the role of gatekeepers on the left and right flanks, cutting down ghouls.

'As expected, they're weak. But...'

Their temperament was too strange.

It was rather the ghouls who were terrified, and it didn't even feel like they were fighting.

"This is like..."

It felt like beasts fleeing a wildfire having no choice but to jump off a cliff.

"Kheok!"

As he simultaneously stabbed twin swords into the abdomen area, the ghoul flinched and reached out his hand.

"Hmph!"

Just as he was about to twist the blade and tear open the belly, the ghoul spoke in a dying voice.

"Kill... kill me."

"What?"

"This place... is hell...!"

With insane eyes, the ghoul opened his jaw and screamed.

"Daaaah!"

"Kheuk!"

As he stepped back and swung his twin swords up and down, the ghoul's body split in two.

"Mayray!"

At Lufist's instruction, Mayray covered her ears with both hands and activated the divine frequency.

As the ring-shaped <Nemesis> activated, the sound she was hearing was transmitted identically to the core members.

"Damn! What is this!"

A tremendous screaming sound rushed in like a tsunami.

Could you hear such a sound if you trapped 10,000 humans in one place and set it on fire?

In the wave of sound that paralyzed the brain, they could hear several people shouting, but it was impossible to decode.

Carte mu seielr! Cartision be rabeka perbel!

'It's Ra Enemy's voice!'

It was murky and strongly resonant, as if speaking with rocks swallowed.

'If you want to find me, find the hell within you.'

The only people who could decode it were Mayray, who had been a priestess of Terapos, and Sirone of the Ultima System.

Struggle in the pain of illusion! Is there meaning in meaninglessness! Become a god!

"What the hell are they saying?"

These were words that couldn't be understood through translation alone.

Lian, who blocked Sirone's path, cut down a resident with one stroke and said.

"The ghouls have gone mad. What does Ra Enemy's words mean?"

Surely the residents of this place must have met Ra Enemy.

"I don't know yet. There's something more that can't be known through language alone."

At a point less than 5 minutes after the battle started, the ghouls were completely annihilated.

It was an anticlimactic fight if anything, but the mercenary company members' expressions weren't good.

They too now felt something ominous.

"Why are these things acting like this? We've done some unpleasant killing."

Bycon muttered while shaking blood off his blade, and Bromark pointed to the alley scenery spread under the Shining magic.

"Look over there. It's all traps."

Countless steel wires were connected like a spider web.

"When did they install this?"

"Hmm, a veteran like me could finish it within an hour."

"An hour..."

It was time that had already passed since Shagal went through.

Bromark turned to Sirone and said.

"There are two methods. Disarm it, or go around. Which way is the existing route?"

"This way."

Lufist pointed to where the trap was installed.

"I see. The decision?"

It was Sirone's call.

"How long would it take to disarm?"

"Disarming traps is harder than installing them. About an hour."

"Hmm."

As he pondered, Bromark smiled and said.

"But if it's me, I can solve it within 30 minutes."

"Then let's go with disarming for now."

Since the goal was to reach the center via the shortest route, changing routes from the entrance would actually be a loss in terms of time.

"Then take a rest."

Bromark, who had gathered tools from his toolbox, put a knife in his mouth and crawled into the trapped area.

While the knights stood guard and took a brief rest, archer Joshua suddenly stood up and aimed her bow at a rotten wooden box.

"What's wrong?"

"Someone's there."

Her eyes blazed red.

"Night Shot?"

It was a kind of clairvoyance ability that detected heat, an eye technique she had never demonstrated even in evaluations.

Looking into the box with Night Shot, she detected the heat source of a human hiding in a prone position.

"Come out. My arrows pierce even iron."

"Hiek!"

The box shook, then a person crawled out through a hole in the back.

"P-please spare me."

Bycon grabbed the man by the collar and pulled him.

"What are you doing? Why were you hiding?"

"I-I'm not a resident of Radum. I'm a trap designer."

"Trap? Then..."

Bycon, who glanced at Bromark currently disarming traps, asked again.

"You're saying you installed that? Why? To catch us?"

"N-no! I don't know the reason either! Someone hired me the day before yesterday. They asked me to install traps at Radum's entrance."

Sirone asked.

"Who was that person?"

"They didn't reveal their name. It was a young man, didn't seem to be from this country."

Mayray covered her ears with both hands, but no voice was heard, only noise flowed.

"Hmm, then..."

Just as Bycon was about to ask another question, the man trembled as if shocked.

"What? Why is this guy acting like this?"

"Si...ro...ne..."

A murky voice came from his open throat.

"Dangerous! Step back!"

Just as Lian swung his great sword to cut off the neck, Sirone extended his hand.

"Wait!"

The man, who had been bending his upper body like a bow, slowly raised his head and stared directly at Sirone.

"You have... the duty to answer the remaining question."

"Remaining question?"

Sirone asked back, but the man looked up at the sky without answering.

The pupils of both eyes rotated rapidly in opposite directions, and finally his original voice burst out.

"Ah, no! Save me! Uaaaah!"

As the eyeballs rotated at tremendous speed, the optic nerves were destroyed and bloody tears flowed down.

"A human trap?"

The ground shook and the sound of trap wires snapping viciously could be heard.

"Bromark! Get out of there!"

The members shouted, but Bromark was already bleeding from being hit by the wires.

"Damn! What is this?"

There wasn't even time to rescue him as the trap activated.

"Space is folding."

Like sliding doors, the alley closed, and Bromark, collapsed on the ground, extended his hand.

"Kraaaaak!"

The sound of bones being crushed could be heard as walls connected with walls.

Kargin grimaced and muttered.

"So much for survival expert..."

Without time to savor the absurd situation, the other members looked around.

Radum's structure had completely changed, and fibrous material like organ remnants was stuck all over the walls.

The corpses that were now standing were motionless as if dead, and naked female statues merged with monsters were carved on the left and right of the newly formed alley.

"The entrance disappeared too. How can this be possible?"

"Realization of the five senses."

Lufist looked up at the sky.

The reason they could see even after the Shining magic disappeared was because the sun was up.

But it wasn't the brilliant sun of their world, but a sun glowing red like sunset, as if about to die.

"We're trapped."

"What do you mean trapped?"

Lufist turned to Sirone and said.

"Even if our brains were extracted and put in jars, we wouldn't be able to feel it."

"No way?"

"Yes. That's exactly what happened. This is probably the scenery the ghouls were seeing. Using the brainwaves of the man used as a trap, they've manifested hell for us."

"Damn it! What the hell is this!"

Lemo, an unofficial 5th-grade defensive mage, shouted.

"Who do you think followed you to hear explanations! You should present a solution!"

"Stay calm. I'm thinking."

"Don't spout nonsense! I had a bad feeling from the start! You're the head of the Magic Association, right?"

Lufist didn't answer.

"I don't need money or anything! Get me out of here! If not, I'll sue...! Kheok!"

Lemo's eyes rolled back and he collapsed, spewing blood.

"Damn it!"

Kargin rushed over and tried recovery magic, but he was already dead.

"What happened?"

Jane, receiving Lufist's gaze, shook her head as if wronged.

"I didn't kill him. Though I was thinking about it."

"Struggle in the pain of illusion."

Mayray stepped forward.

"Those are Ra Enemy's words. He also said to find meaning in meaninglessness. If this is also a kind of oracle, couldn't we think of it this way?"

She raised her finger and said.

"The moment you realize death, you truly die."