Omega (3)

Kang Nan's expression was frozen in shock.

"Miro... You..."

The incarnation of Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara was looking down at the earth, filling the sky with its massive size.

"Ah. Ahhh."

Tears flowed from Arius's closed eyes.

'It's undoubtedly perfect.'

The shock he had received when infiltrating Miro's mind was still vivid in his memory.

Faced with the supreme purity that transcended humanity, hadn't he willingly plucked out his own eyes and become a dog?

"Kuk kuk kuk. Kuk kuk kuk kuk!"

This even surpassed that.

"Bow down, humans."

Arius slowly knelt and prostrated himself flat toward Miro.

"The person standing here right now is truly humanity's ultimate good."

Just as Arius raised his head and shouted in uncontainable emotion:

"Great merciful Adrias...!"

*Thwack!*

Miro rushed at full speed and kicked him in the jaw.

"Ah, so noisy! I'm already annoyed because my zero point isn't aligned, and you're chattering loudly!"

"Kying! Nng!"

While Arius clutched his jaw and whimpered, Kang Nan approached with a serious expression.

"What happened?"

While it was fortunate that Miro's mind had been restored, he felt somewhat bitter about it.

"As you can see."

Not a trace of trauma could be found on Miro's face as she smiled at Kang Nan.

"It's over."

Gaold was no longer in Miro's heart.

The heart can change in an instant.

But he could well imagine what Miro had endured to achieve this change.

'I couldn't do that.'

Kang Nan couldn't do what Miro had done.

"I feel comfortable now. From now on, I'll handle the world myself, so just watch."

Though countless monks had died, no wounds remained in Miro's heart anymore.

"Shall we continue then?"

As Miro rolled up her sleeves and approached, Uriel, who had somehow regained consciousness, was there.

"Continue? Do you think I started something?"

The corner of Miro's mouth turned up.

'It was certainly an embarrassing attack, but...'

While it was true that she had counterattacked wildly just before being hit by Paradise Gone, she hadn't expected to escape with so little damage.

"Hoho! You talk well. Weren't you unable to come to your senses after taking my Infinite Barrage?"

"That's right."

Uriel was calm.

"Isn't it the same with humans? When someone suddenly shouts from behind, or when they see disgusting bugs."

Miro didn't back down and confronted him.

"Then what about kneeling? I saw it clearly with my own two eyes. You staggered and then collapsed."

"That was..."

Uriel stopped speaking.

While he had no particular rebuttal, he felt self-loathing about why they were having this conversation.

"It doesn't matter. Do whatever you want. This time I'll truly destroy you."

"You're not normal either."

Miro said with one corner of her mouth raised.

"I know Kariel's symmetry makes you ignorant, but it's kind of weird for an angel to be ignorant, isn't it?"

"What do you mean?"

"Kariel is..."

Miro recalled the Archangel of Birth and continued with a disgusted expression.

"That guy is really the epitome of timidity. A mama's boy with an incredibly vindictive streak. In contrast, you're very bold. That's why you can't bring out what's inside."

Miro placed her hand on her chest.

"I understand you. Destruction is the simplest yet most powerful problem-solving ability. Humans face countless problems in life. For example, a rival appears. Then Kariel would devise countless strategies to surpass him. In contrast, you would just eliminate him and be done with it."

Miro swept her hand from left to right.

"If you commit murder, the army will mobilize. Then eliminate the army. Get imprisoned? Eliminate the prison. Eliminate those who criticize you, eliminate the king, eliminate the nation..."

The simplest and most powerful.

"After eliminating everything like that, it's over. No more problems will arise to disturb your heart. That's why there's no emotion in your destruction."

"You're greatly mistaken. We are not human. We don't think like you."

Miro's eyes turned sharp.

"Then why did Kariel hate Ikael?"

"You're the same. If Kariel was obsessed, then conversely, you're turning away."

"From what?"

"Ikael."

Uriel's sacred luminous body, which had been shaken by the Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara's attack, vibrated once again.

'Good that you're being honest.'

Miro continued.

"It must have been a shock. The fact that Ikael, the symbol of supreme purity and mother of all archangels, loved a human."

Maclean Guffin.

"Though Anchera erased the records, you guys had already lost it from that point. Kariel became obsessed, and you're running away."

Miro spun her finger in circles.

"The continuing question. Why did Ikael get it on with a human? It keeps coming to mind and drives you crazy, right?"

"...Do you know?"

"I don't know. But I can give you an opportunity."

Miro spread both arms.

"How about me? I'm officially single now."

Fire lit up in Kang Nan's eyes.

'What a personality disorder.'

Before coming to Zion, she seemed ready to give up on the world from worrying about Gaold.

Uriel spun Paradise Gone.

"Die, Miro."

"Running away again."

Just as Uriel disappeared, ice shot up explosively.

"Uooooo!"

The giant palm of Thousand-Armed Avalokiteshvara struck down on Paradise Gone rotating in disc form.

"You can't know without digging deep. Answers don't come from destroying."

"There's no need to find answers."

Uriel's sacred luminous body expanded as information began accumulating at tremendous speed.

"Because eliminating the problem is enough."

As the judicial halo Ragnarok activated, white lightning struck Uriel directly.

Miro made an awkward smile.

"Huh? Wait a minute..."

Just as Uriel charged forward as a flash of light, a golden bird flew up from beneath Miro's feet.

'Force Metry.'

As soon as Zulu, who had regained consciousness, removed Miro from space-time, he summoned Kydra.

"Tara."

As Kang Nan pulled Miro up and Arius climbed on, the strange bird flew silently.

"Whew, since when were you awake?" 

As Miro sat down with a relieved expression, Kang Nan grabbed her by the collar.

"You crazy woman! Provoking the opponent? Do you really intend to win this war?"

"Of course I have to win."

Miro brushed off Kang Nan's hand and said.

"Archangels are strong. I just tried the method that worked on Kariel. It seems about half successful?"

"How do you know that?"

Miro grinned wickedly.

"That guy is interested in me."

It was something she had realized when dragged to heaven.

"Of course it's probably nothing more than curiosity. But you know, sometimes small cracks..."

Miro's head turned to the side.

"Can grow uncontrollably."

Kang Nan pouted her lips.

"So you've forgotten about Gaold now?"

"Gaold? Who's that?"

At Miro's playful response, Kang Nan ground her teeth.

"Should I tell you? You're not the ultimate good, you're just a personality trash and an insane seeker."

Arius interjected.

"That's not right. Before a great mind, ordinary emotions are merely worldly..."

"You shut up. What did you do right? Thanks to you, Zion's forces are destroyed."

As Arius cowered, Zulu asked.

"What do we do now?"

"Honestly, I don't want to die yet. Without me, it would be fatal for humanity. That's actually part of why I didn't settle things with Uriel."

Kang Nan asked.

"You couldn't win?"

"Hmm, it's quite subtle. If we fought ten times, I'd win five and lose five? But in real combat there's no next chance, so I could have died. Of course, if the zero point is calibrated, the story would be different."

Miro raised her hand for emphasis.

"Anyway, the showdown should happen when many things have been settled. Right now we have bigger problems than taking down one general."

"What problem?"

"Sirone."

Zulu turned his head.

"Heaven's army will be looking for him. We can't win the war unless we fight with Sirone backing us up."

Kang Nan understood.

"Then what we need to do going forward is..."

"We need to find out where Sirone is first. And if he's in the middle of something..."

It was puzzling that Sirone hadn't come while heaven's army attacked Zion.

"We have no choice but to buy time."

Zulu said.

"I'll head to the central continent."

With no one objecting, Miro rested her chin on her hand, lost in thought.

'Really, where are you and what are you doing?'

Sirone endlessly accepted Omega.

Everything happening in all time and all space was accumulating in his mind as a single signal.

'Gaians. Truly an amazing race.'

The primordial Gaians who had lost their memories due to the Missing Link prospered endlessly.

From primitive times, surpassing the civilization of the era Sirone lived in, to the most advanced scientific civilization.

But material development was merely a fragment compared to the mental development they would achieve in the future.

'My senses are expanding.'

The process of reaching time, space, spiritual world, unified field, and truth was wondrous.

And finally.

Omega Year 133.

At the 13.3 percent point of the signals composing the world, the Gaians advanced to a new stage.

"Yorham, good morning."

"A special morning indeed."

Countless Gaians were entering the massive structure they had built.

No hierarchy, no superiority in life.

What they gained at the end of tiresome conflict and strife was complete peace between life and life.

To them, humans were no longer hell.

"Today will be the most meaningful day in the history of our humanity, Gaia!"

Yorham shouted.

"We fought countless times and learned much. We have understood everything in the world, and now it's time to move toward a better world."

Whether present or not, no one found Yorham's words disagreeable.

"I consider it an honor to announce this as a representative of the Gaians. This is our future!"

Where Yorham turned and pointed, there was a gigantic mechanical device the same size as the structure.

"The Immortality Program! Argo!"

Light came on from numerous panels, and a sphere at the top of the device descended, defying gravity.

After rotating briefly, the sphere found its direction and stopped, its surface peeling away to reveal a massive lens.

"Greetings. I am Argo, the reincarnation manager of Utopia and Akashic Records. From now on, I will function according to my mission to safely manage your reincarnation."

The sound of Gaians applauding echoed throughout.

Argo, created using Anchera's biological model, would guide them to the world of immortality.

Yorham said.

"With this, our mission in this world is complete. Let us connect and continue. Everything we have realized..."

"Why should we do that?"

At someone's voice, all the Gaians in the structure turned their heads.

Dissent.

Perhaps the first dissent in hundreds of years, it was shocking to them who had achieved an integrated mental system.

"What did you just... say..."

Yorham looked with incomprehension at the Gaian sitting on a box in the corner reading a book.

'We read books?'

For a race that had mastered all knowledge, the very act of observing text was puzzling.

"That's right. The endless void of dimensional space. Isn't it too boring to end it with this?"

The Gaians stirred.

"How can you say such a thing? No, this is impossible. Don't you know too?"

Yorham said.

"Guffin."

Sirone's consciousness, which had explored Omega up to that point, concentrated intensely for a moment.

'That person is called Guffin? But...'

Hadn't he definitely been erased?

"Yes. I know too. But precisely because of that, this is clearly something that can happen."

Maclean Guffin closed his book and smiled.

"Everyone thinks the same as me, don't they?"

Omega Year 133.

The Gaians had achieved an integrated mental system that transcended race, culture, gender, religion, and individuality.