[768] Breaking the Precept (3)

"That settles one matter cleanly!"

As Minerva tried to tuck the bond into her pocket, Shirone quickly grabbed her wrist.

"Wait a moment."

"Alright, alright. I was going to split it in half anyway."

"Why do you even need this kind of money?"

It was an amount that transcended the limits of personal luxury.

"You've just taken over the department so you wouldn't know, but do you have any idea how much money it takes to operate the Ivory Tower? The income from the Corona Kingdom isn't even close to enough."

"But does that mean you openly demand money?"

"We didn't demand it, did we? It's a legitimate transaction. Besides, South Aymond definitely didn't lose out."

While having 40% of the budget cut would be devastating for national operations, from a long-term perspective, it was like getting the country for free.

"You're the one who liberated North Aymond. Calculating what consequences your actions will bring is also part of a Star's duty."

If they had handed over North Aymond without proper checks and balances, the equilibrium between nations would have collapsed.

'Even if they left it to the Holy War, it wouldn't be any different.'

Shaking off Shirone's grip, she pulled out the bond again and waved it in front of his face.

"If you don't want it, I'll take it all?"

"Do as you please."

From the Integrated Space Management Department's standpoint, he only hoped it would be used well for humanity's safety.

"Let's go back. I need to report to Taeseong."

As they walked toward the government building's exit, someone blocked their path.

"What?"

It was a fierce-looking young man with the left side of his head shaved like a chestnut and scratches carved into his temple area.

The hair on the opposite side was braided into dozens of strands hanging down, with beast tooth-like ornaments dangling from the ends.

'He's a mage.'

Shirone could feel a blatantly aggressive spirit zone that showed no consideration for others' feelings.

"Hello. I'm Sky Wigo, a certified mage of South Aymond."

Minerva immediately shot back.

"Don't know you. So what?"

Since Wigo was a mage that everyone in South Aymond knew, his face flushed with embarrassment.

'Tch, she really doesn't know?'

He looked hopefully at Shirone, but he only blinked with an innocent expression.

"How disappointing. I suppose Ms. Minerva being a senior is understandable, but Shirone, I thought you might be a bit different."

Minerva looked bewildered.

"Ms. Minerva? You?"

Even Garcia, the chairman of South Aymond's Magic Association, couldn't address them so casually.

Knowing he had crossed a line, Wigo immediately bowed his head and introduced himself.

"If I seemed rude, I apologize. It's just that you both don't feel like strangers to me."

"Why aren't we strangers?"

"Well... I was also an Ivory Tower candidate."

Shirone raised an eyebrow.

"You were a candidate?"

The candidate group that Arte had introduced before consisted of La Enemy, Nane, Jinseong-eum, and Shirone - that was all.

"The total number of candidates selected by the Ivory Tower this time was 10. And I was ranked 9th."

If true, his displeasure was understandable.

"Ah, I'm sorry. I also didn't know much about the candidates..."

Minerva cut off Shirone's words.

"9th-ranked Sky Wigo. You're an unlocker who opened the Immortal Function like him, and a scale mage."

After pretending not to know, information flowed freely, and Wigo's lips curved slightly upward.

"I'm honored that you remember me."

Shirone was also surprised.

"You knew?"

"Not particularly... If it's the Sky family, they naturally draw more attention than other candidates. They're one of the world's greatest seeker families, comparable to Miro's Adrias family."

Hearing Miro's name gave him some sense of scale.

"Until Miro appeared, they were so evenly matched that superiority couldn't be determined. If Adrias's nature is defensive, then Sky is offensive. You could see it as the difference between convergence and divergence."

The Ardino family, which branched off from Adrias, also boasted world-class defensive capabilities through Yorga.

"Seeker families study the principles of the world from birth, so they have quite high chances of entering the Immortal Function. Sky's level probably has national support behind it."

"Hmm."

While Shirone was lost in thought, Minerva asked again.

"But why us?"

The reason Miro was great was because she was uniquely great even among the great Adrias family.

Just brandishing the Sky family nameplate gave the Ivory Tower's Five Stars absolutely no reason to change their attitude.

Wigo's face twisted slightly, but then changed to a bright smile as if in reaction.

"Haha! That's right. I'm just a mage who couldn't enter the Ivory Tower. But do you know this? We didn't even get a chance to take the test."

Wigo pointed at Shirone.

"I heard that you, Mr. Shirone, weren't so different from me? If there hadn't been an absolute candidate like La Enemy, that is."

At the time, Shirone's candidate ranking was 4th.

Though he was grouped with Nane and Seong-eum in similar Kar coefficient ranges, it was undeniable that luck played a part.

'I understand why he's angry.'

The fact that Kar coefficients weren't absolute was being proven by Shirone, who had ascended to the Five Stars.

'He became a Star, surpassing Nane and Seong-eum.'

While he was now at Yahweh's level, at the time of testing, Shirone's abilities were far from what they are now.

'If I had been given a chance too...'

Wigo believed that if all 10 candidates had taken the test equally, the current results wouldn't have occurred.

"Ah, I get it."

Mischief gleamed in Minerva's eyes.

"In some cases, opportunity is everything. So what will you do? A death match? Winner becomes a Five Star?"

Cruelly trampling budding sprouts that didn't know their place was her favorite hobby.

"I'm not that foolish. I don't particularly covet the position of Five Star either."

Wigo was displeased with Minerva treating him like a rookie.

'The gap has already widened.'

For the reason of not being able to surpass 5 more among the world's best students, he had missed the greatest growth opportunity.

'Father.'

When Shirone reached Yahweh's level, Wigo's father Cassia, now part of the Zion Project, had said this:

Think of Shirone as non-existent.

The moment you acknowledge his existence, all mages in this world will lose their desire to reach the top.

'Fall behind again?'

Just as all the world's mages had tasted frustration due to Miro a generation ago.

"I have no intention of being stubborn. Mr. Shirone's abilities have been proven by his position as one of the Ivory Tower's Five Stars."

Minerva was disappointed.

"Then what exactly do you want to do?"

"How about this? We compete not with magic, but with avatar techniques."

The depth of enlightenment.

"Ho? Indeed, that's interesting."

As Wigo came out stronger than expected, hope sparkled again in Minerva's eyes.

'Quite aggressive. As expected of Sky.'

Like a wild beast waiting for its leash to be removed, his eagerness for Shirone's permission was obvious.

"Shirone, let's do it. He's being so polite and courteous - ignoring him would be inhumane."

Do it, do it.

With Minerva's enthusiastic support, desperate for good entertainment, Wigo added his words.

"Let me be clear - this isn't a challenge. However, if Mr. Shirone's vessel is large, perhaps you could help me understand the narrow-mindedness created by my small vessel."

In the end, it meant he couldn't accept it.

'At least in terms of enlightenment depth, I'm not inferior. I'm the strongest seeking weapon the family has produced.'

Of course, Cassia hadn't taught him that way.

However, Wigo, as the third generation, keenly felt the family atmosphere that had to remain in Miro's shadow for decades.

"I understand the sentiment, but..."

After finishing his thoughts, Shirone spoke.

"I'm sorry. I don't want to fight you."

Minerva was even more disappointed.

"Why, why? Don't you think about how frustrated Wigo must be? You don't get to see Stars often, so just do it for him."

Minerva's true intentions were obvious.

"Don't interfere and be quiet. Since when have you cared so much about others' situations?"

Wigo's eyes hardened as he spoke.

"...May I consider this running away?"

"Yes, that's an accurate expression. I don't want to win, and I don't care if I lose to you."

Wigo's teeth ground audibly.

"Of course you would say that."

Having already enjoyed the view from the highest place to his heart's content, he could just give it away and come down.

'That's what I cannot tolerate.'

The highest position couldn't be satisfied without being pulled down.

Concessions and such couldn't substitute for it.

"I also ask this of you."

When Shirone turned around, Garcia bowed his head deeply - something so difficult for him to do.

"I'm sorry. I don't think anyone needs to feel the emotion of defeat in this situation."

Garcia approached.

"Wigo is a world-class talent. Though he didn't become a Star, the Republic takes great pride in him."

"Chairman."

Since it was a senior far above him in official ranking, even Wigo softened his expression this time.

"The enemy we should fight now is not each other, but the demon in our hearts. I fully understand the Five Star's deep meaning."

Garcia looked at Wigo.

"Wigo's concern for the world is no different. However, being human, he's simply blocked by a wall he hasn't been able to fight. I believe helping him overcome that wall would be the way to help someone who will become humanity's core strength."

Minerva closed her eyes and nodded.

"Good point. Someone like Wigo, no, someone of Wigo's caliber will surely be enough in the future..."

Shirone interrupted.

"I can't guarantee it will be helpful."

"It will be helpful."

Whether he lost to Shirone and learned his place, or perhaps actually defeated Shirone, at least the resentment would disappear.

'If it's a battle of avatar techniques, the latter possibility might...'

Garcia knew better than anyone what kind of temperament Wigo's avatar possessed.

"Alright."

As soon as the word of acceptance fell, the eyes of the three people focused on Shirone blazed intensely.

"However..."

From now on, Shirone was serious too.

"If we're going to have this match for such reasons, I won't hold back either."

"That's what Wigo and I were hoping for."

Minerva thought to herself.

'Of course, me too.'

As if hearing her inner voice, Shirone sighed and began walking.

"Where should we do this?"

"The government building has too many watching eyes. The Sky main house would be sufficiently private."

While he said this considering the Five Star's dignity, it also meant fighting on enemy territory.

Shirone didn't mind.

"Good. Let's go there then. Since we don't have much time, we should start right away."

As Shirone left the government building first, Wigo made eye contact with Garcia and clenched his fist tightly.

'Perfect!'

The Ivory Tower where the world's greatest mages gather, and among them, one standing at the pinnacle...

'A chance to win has come!'

Garcia followed Wigo out of the government building, and Minerva patted Garcia's behind.

"Well done, very well done. What's gotten into you? Actually doing something helpful for my life."

Garcia didn't respond.

"Shall we make a bet? Winner grants the loser's wish. Let's buy something on the way. This kind of spectacle should be enjoyed with snacks."

'I really hate this woman...'

Garcia didn't respond.