Infinity (1)

Mackline Guffin was a person who actually existed in the world until just before Sirone was born.

Although he had been erased, the shock of seeing such a person before their eyes was considerable for Sirone's group.

"No, why..."

Arius's expression was serious.

According to what he had heard from Sirone, Ymir had apparently clashed with Guffin in the early stages of his birth.

'I naturally thought he would be the final gate...'

In fact, the others had also vaguely thought that Guffin would be the final gate.

If Ymir's unconscious was divided into layers based on the magnitude of sensation, Sirone understood the current situation.

"It's not strange that Guffin appears first. Although they clashed, neither of them used their full power."

Even so, the impact was tremendous.

"The fact that he's at the 5th deep layer is proof that it was a powerful shock. In any case, we have no choice but to fight."

Sirone was calm.

Though the form was exactly Guffin's appearance, it was just a fictional character created by Ymir anyway.

'But he's strong.'

Just looking at the size of the Hand of God floating in the sky made them feel how tremendous his prime years must have been.

Miro spoke.

"Let's begin, Sirone."

As the avatar of Thousand-Armed Guanyin rose into the sky, Guffin's Hand of God pressed down.

"Hngh!"

Miro's face contorted.

The fists of Thousand-Armed Guanyin rapidly struck the palm of light in succession, but were only pushed back by the overwhelming force.

"It's coming down!"

Gaold and Sirone simultaneously launched a combined attack where Sein's Sun and Moon Halo was deployed.

"Graaah!"

Truly overwhelming power.

Guffin's Hand of God slowly covered the ground without getting faster or slower.

Everything brightened, and finally Sirone found himself looking around a completely pale world.

In a place where he couldn't tell if his eyes were closed or open, he heard a voice.

"Sirone."

It was a ghostly, eerie voice.

"Where is this?"

He could feel neither direction nor gravity, and even time seemed to have stopped.

"Aaaaaaaah!"

At the continuing screams, Sirone shouted.

"Who is it!"

"...you... there... I..."

He couldn't grasp the content from the broken syllables, but he could feel one thing.

'Anger.'

They were calling Sirone.

"Graaah!"

A single syllable overlapped more than 10 billion times, making a sound like a thick string being plucked.

In the cosmic sound waves, Sirone could intuitively know the owner of the voices.

'Gaians.'

They, who were integrated into Ymir, were settling in the unconscious with anger and despair.

'No. The Gaians are already integrated and gone. But why are these sounds...'

A thought flashed through his mind.

'Zhuangzi's Butterfly.'

According to what he had heard before, it was said to be able to temporarily escape the photon world.

A hypothesis was formed.

'If there is an outside world, what would be affected when Zhuangzi's Butterfly is activated would be...'

Probably the user?

'In reality, the Gaians were integrated into Ymir. But in the outside world, they are clearly separate entities.'

Since Zhuangzi's Butterfly opened at the 5th deep layer, they probably couldn't awaken completely.

'However, if they regained some consciousness and their consciousness is flowing in...'

He got goosebumps.

'What state is Ymir in right now?'

"Aaaaaaaah!"

At the screams erupting again, Sirone tried covering his ears but it was useless.

The sound waves were broken, so his ears couldn't understand them.

'They're calling me.'

He was decoding the signals with Ultima, but even their meaning came in as fragments.

'What are they trying to say?'

Sirone gritted his teeth.

Before grasping the meaning, he felt the extreme texture contained in that language.

If it had to be conveyed in language, it was something that couldn't be expressed even with 100 million words lined up.

'Indifference. God is indifferent.'

Sirone knew.

That the moment feelings are converted to language, most of what they're trying to convey gets distorted.

If he thought nothing and just melted into this concept, it would be perfect in itself, but...

That would also be futile.

'Think. I have to think.'

Sirone struggled to somehow combine language and give meaning to his current feelings.

For instance.

'A single point circles around.'

A point that doesn't stop and endlessly orbits could be said to symbolize infinity.

Perfect and indifferent, but.

'Trapped in infinity.'

Using a bit more language, it's trapped within the definition of infinity.

That's not infinity.

...So said some Gaian's voice.

Wouldn't true infinity be forgetting even the concept of infinity?

For that, rather than endlessly advancing, wouldn't there need to be nothing at all?

'Mu (nothingness) that doesn't think of han (limitation).'

In other words, infinity without infinity.

'Empty your mind.'

Sirone emptied his mind.

'Forget existence.'

As Sirone's existence disappeared, the universe, matter, and concepts became a state of never having existed from the beginning.

'It would be infinite nothingness.'

Therefore, if Sirone still exists now, or if he's thinking of something.

That's just an illusion.

'An illusion without a subject.'

There were no screams or Gaian voices, but that illusion continued.

'How is it?'

Perhaps the illusion of hearing such words.

'Are you infinite now?'

Sirone let out a soundless scream.

At the same time, as he opened his eyes wide, the entire world exploded with light and all concepts were born.

The world was created.

"Uaaaah!"

The curtain of light peeled away as if burning with Sirone at the center, and from far away came a wistful voice.

This time it was clear.

'We are trapped gods. Infinite humans.'

The scenery of the 5th deep layer returned, and he could see his companions being crushed by the Hand of God.

'Open it, Hexa.'

Instantly, a signal from the outside world that no one should know about struck his mind.

"Grrk!"

He didn't know the meaning.

Perhaps it was the name of some rare insect like a sand-digging beetle that wasn't particularly used in reality.

'But...'

It was a signal from the outside world.

'I can't imagine the unimaginable. But I've just picked up some fragment.'

An extremely faint image of the outside world was drawn in Sirone's mind.

Even if that image was completely wrong.

'Could it be...?'

The imagination triggered from there was unlike anything in reality, causing him to shudder.

"Sirone!"

At Miro's voice, he turned his head to see Thousand-Armed Guanyin pressed down almost to the point of being crushed.

Looking up at Guffin's Hand of God, Sirone gritted his teeth and glared.

"Infinity?..."

Mu∞

Like rocket exhaust spreading, Miracle Stream extended in all directions.

'Hand of God.'

As if receiving propulsion, Sirone's Hand of God collided with Guffin's palm.

'It's just an illusion.'

The group, who had been holding out with all their might, realized the pressure had suddenly lightened and turned their heads.

"What, what is it?"

Sirone's Hand of God grew endlessly and interlocked fingers with the hand of light created by Guffin.

"Hyaaah!"

Like an adult breaking a child's hand, Sirone's Hand of God pushed forcefully and shot up into the sky.

'Guffin.'

And together with Guffin's Hand of God, it began falling vertically toward the ground.

'Though you're just someone Ymir remembers, I was happy to see you.'

Kukukukukukuku!

Struck directly by the waterfall of light, Guffin met his dissolution while standing upright.

At that moment, Sirone thought he saw it.

A faint smile forming on Guffin's face as he crumbled, buried in light.

The waterfall of light continued for a while and only disappeared after 5 minutes had passed.

"Is it over?"

As Arius, who had been crouched like a dog, raised his head, there was a huge hole pierced before his eyes.

Kang Nan winked and gave a thumbs up.

"Well done, Sirone. This time you did it."

Since they were a team, it didn't matter who succeeded, but they wanted to save Gaold stepping forward as a last resort.

"I was lucky."

"Lucky..."

Miro looked at Sirone with a serious expression.

'The technique is the same. The reason he can increase the power is probably because he reached some realm. But...'

Strangely, it didn't feel like a realm.

'The feeling is strange. Really strange.'

Strange enough that she didn't feel like approaching Sirone and asking what had happened.

'Alienation. Yes, this is a vague fear arising from somewhere deeper than instinct.'

In other words, cosmic alienation that transcends living beings.

This was probably the reason why the dream person Luber looked at Sirone somewhat coldly.

'Zhuangzi's Butterfly. I thought it was dangerous, but...'

Luber sighed.

'Sirone, the Five Great Stars, is a good person.'

As Drimo's avatar, he loved all beings that dream, and Sirone's dreams were truly clear.

'I'm sorry. This isn't something I can help with. Probably 'they' would be the same, but...'

He couldn't predict the magnitude of the aftermath, but at least it was true that the situation had become complicated.

'Argones won't stay still. Even if we don't reach the 'final moment.''

Should he reveal at least this much? Thinking so, Luber shook his head.

'He's not someone who dreams immature dreams. Since he exists in reality too, he'll manage to get through it.'

He just didn't want to see Sirone crying out in sorrow in the future.

Arius spoke.

"Let's go down for now. We've delayed too much time. Did we spend about a week here?"

Miro snapped.

"It's all because you're incompetent. After feeding and housing you all this time, you're really no help."

He didn't make excuses.

"I'm sorry. But from now on I know the method, so it'll be faster. Of course, if we can destroy the god sleeping in the 4th deep layer."

The fact that Guffin was first was certainly unexpected, but Gaold didn't mind.

"Nothing will change by thinking about it. Whoever's there, we just beat them up."

Without a trace of fear, Gaold threw himself into the pit, and Kang Nan immediately followed.

"Sirone, let's go too."

Even after everyone left the 5th deep layer, Sirone remained for a moment, lost in thought.

'I shouldn't reveal it.'

When he reached the realm of infinite nothingness, he felt Miro and Luber's gazes become colder than before.

'That's understandable. Honestly, I'm looking at myself the same way. This doesn't make sense.'

If some event had no precedent, whatever it was, it would probably be a mistake.

He was afraid, and his chest felt tight at the fact that he couldn't predict what would happen.

"Guffin."

Looking back, Sirone recalled the fact that Guffin had smiled at the last moment.

'Zhuangzi's Butterfly.'

Was he really Guffin?

"It doesn't matter."

What mattered was that he had smiled warmly at him who had reached the realm of infinite nothingness.

"Take care."

With his heart feeling much lighter, Sirone quickly moved and leaped into the entrance to the 4th deep layer.

'Right, I wasn't wrong. I'll keep moving forward.'

Perhaps...

Even that might be an illusion without a subject.