Core Keywords (2)

Panier was silent for a long while.

"Mr. Panier?"

Only when Reina called out did he snap out of his thoughts and look at Maya again.

"There was this guy playing guitar on the street. He was pretty good for a street performer. No, he was incredibly good. After watching him for several days, I was certain. This guy has what it takes."

Even back then, Panier was a capable producer, and now he's someone who's even published an autobiography.

'Who is he talking about?'

Even the entertainment industry people who knew his life story inside and out had never heard of any guitar player.

"We signed a contract and prepared for performances. We prepared and prepared. But in the end, that guy never made it onto a stage. What do you think the reason was?"

El Kiana spoke up.

"Was his skill lower than expected?"

"Of course. If your skills are lacking, you can't get on stage. But his skills - I'm not trying to defend him - were fine in every way except for his inability to produce results."

Even now, it felt like such a waste.

"He had a straightforward personality. He played aggressive music. The truth is, nobody really likes that kind of thing. That guy was probably the most stubborn person in the world. I thought after a few falls, after tasting the bitterness of defeat, he'd come to his senses on his own..."

Maya understood that person.

"But he didn't."

"I don't want to criticize him. Like I said earlier, maybe society just wasn't ready for that kind of thing yet. Anyway, that guy failed. Again and again..."

Panier's voice rose slightly.

"His own art. That's the most dangerous thing. For the person doing it, everything's fun because it's what they want. But for those receiving it, it's different. They have other jobs, or they try it as a hobby but they're clumsy at it, so they leave it to professionals like us."

He had shouted into that guy's ear countless times.

"You can't survive alone. But he wouldn't acknowledge that. He believed the world would recognize him someday and stubbornly held on to the end. Even as his life became impoverished, even as he rotted away! He just clutched his guitar and howled his songs."

Even now, it was infuriating to think about.

"Still..."

Panier, who had been recalling those times, looked back at the entertainers with a bitter smile.

"I didn't dislike guys like that."

The atmosphere became solemn.

"Honestly speaking, I liked him too much. I wanted to make him famous no matter what. I dreamed every day of him on stage, playing guitar in front of countless people. Dreams of him delivering a satisfying blow to the world."

It was the most passionate period of his life.

"In the end, I guess I'm the same kind of guy. I talk about compromise with my mouth, but I hope for someone real to appear and smash everything to pieces. Such a childish, pretentious artist."

El Kiana asked carefully.

"What happened to him now? Is he still a street musician...?"

"He left. I didn't give up, but his life was completely ruined. His daughter died from an illness."

"Ah?..."

"It wasn't even an incurable disease, apparently. I mean, if something like that happens, you should say something, right? He probably thought that getting help from me, after our musical conflicts, would be compromise and defeat. It sounds crazy, but that's the kind of guy he was. Even so... she was his own child."

Panier's eyes reddened as he gritted his teeth.

"...Damn fool."

The reason he had never told anyone seemed to be contained in his distorted expression.

"His own art."

Having calmed his emotions, he asked Maya.

"Does this answer your question?"

Maya showed her agreement by lowering her gaze.

'It's a difficult problem.'

Human life was too diverse to simply say what should be done here.

'I wonder who that person was.'

Maya simply wanted to hear the music of the man who remained in Panier's past.

***

Apocalypse.

Shirone's group, having entered the Fairy Biomimetics building, boarded an elevator.

The elevator that had been descending underground began moving horizontally, guiding them to the main system.

'This is taking forever.'

They could instinctively feel that they had moved far enough to leave the city.

When the elevator arrived, Marsha navigated the maze-like underground facility without hesitation.

"This is it."

Opening the door to the special containment area, a giant mechanical eye was waiting for them.

"Digital Ra."

The High Gear administrators lost their composure at the sight of wires connected in all directions.

"What on earth requires this much power?"

Marsha explained.

"Initially, it was an energy circulation system. And now it has completely taken control of this world."

Lollipop Mark asked.

"Is it a program error? Otherwise, there's no reason it would treat people like bugs."

"No."

Shirone said.

"There's no error. Digital Ra performed its mission exactly according to its programming."

For the environment, to maintain this world.

"...The error is humans?"

From a machine's perspective, that judgment might make sense, but they were human.

"Is it not working?"

Marsha tapped Digital Ra's lens with her hand.

"What more is there to do? It's covered the entire apocalypse with mucus."

When she kicked it, it made a metallic sound.

"Marsha."

"It's fine. Do you know how much this thing has tormented me all this time? Now we just need to inject the Ice Blood..."

The lens lit up.

"Ahhh! What?!"

The sound of power being transmitted could be heard, and massive vibrations were felt from the ceiling.

The operator shouted.

"Hurry!"

All the administrators rushed over to open Anchela's code and began implanting the virus.

"What? Did I wake it up?"

As Marsha panicked, Freeman placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Stay calm. It's not reacting because you kicked it. It's responding to us entering."

Mucus oozed from the ceiling and flowed down thickly like droplets.

Splat. The mucus that fell to the ground bulged up and transformed into human form.

Freeman aimed his magic bullet.

"Mucus Man."

As the avatar-like being of Digital Ra appeared, Shirone blocked his companions' path.

The Mucus Man spoke.

"How are you free?"

"That's what I want to ask. Why did you imprison people? What happened?"

"They devolved themselves. In the ground, in wall cracks, in sewers - they were everywhere. I simply gathered such life forms together and provided them with a comfortable environment."

"Devolved?"

The Mucus Man examined the High Gear administrators but showed no particular reaction.

"Humans could not handle their privilege. They writhed in pain and killed their own kind."

'Emotional disease.'

Also, avoiding pain through killing one's own kind meant surrendering to Satan's doctrine.

"You assign names to individuals, but to me, humans are merely one species. A foolish species that devours its own body."

This was humanity as seen through machine eyes.

"That species, having eaten everything until they were skeletal, could no longer find food. The only way they could avoid pain was to not eat."

Reverse evolution into beings without desire.

"That is humanity now. They do nothing anymore. They want nothing."

This was the end of the world led by Satan's doctrine.

"What about the mucus?"

Shirone asked.

"You covered this world with mucus. Since humans have become like that, there should be nothing left to destroy you."

The Mucus Man seemed to hesitate.

"The singing."

"What?"

"The singing was too loud, I had no choice but to block it. There was too much singing, I had to cover the planet. Thick, thicker, even thicker..."

Shirone didn't understand.

"It cannot be allowed to spread outside. The system will be destroyed. Prison. Cannot escape."

'Sound.'

A signal that could carry both information and emotion simultaneously.

Interpreted from that perspective, fear could be felt in the Mucus Man's current voice.

"I blocked it. I imprisoned everything."

From the cracks in the underground facility, mucus endlessly seeped in, beginning to consume the floor.

Marsha signaled to the administrators.

'Are you done yet?'

'It's much more complex than expected.'

The breathing of the administrators gritting their teeth in fierce battle reached Shirone's ears.

'I need to buy time.'

Of course, the reason the Mucus Man wasn't moving was probably because he was aiming for something too.

"What do you plan to do with us?"

"This planet is closed. There will be no more changes. Since the being that created me has disappeared, my existence is also meaningless."

Shirone recalled God's perspective.

'God's result is humanity's cause. If our cause disappears, God's result disappears too.'

In the same way, since humans had disappeared, Digital Ra no longer needed to exist.

"It's over, humans."

The walls collapsed, and the amount of mucus flowing in began to increase exponentially.

'Damn!'

Probably planning to cover all the mass accumulated on the surface, this core itself.

The Mucus Man disappeared, saying.

"There is nothing."

With a sound louder than thunder, the walls collapsed and all the surface mucus came rushing in.

"Get behind me!"

Shirone blocked the administrators' path and deployed Miracle Stream forward.

"Ugh!"

The moment of impact brought a mass that was virtually immeasurable.

Watching the light barrier being pushed back 50 centimeters per second, Marsha shouted roughly.

"Are you still not done?"

"It's going in now! Just a little more!"

The hologram window she checked showed a gauge bar that had just passed halfway.

"Too slow! Press harder!"

"Don't talk about things you don't understand! Do you think this is some kind of syringe!"

67 percent, 70 percent...

When Shirone used all his strength to push Miracle Stream forward, the mucus was pushed back about a meter.

Blood flowed from his nose as he felt a mass that made his mind drift distantly.

"Ugh!"

Finally unable to hold on, as Shirone exhaled, the mucus simultaneously pushed forward.

91 percent, 94 percent...

"Hurry! Come on!"

The administrators stamped their feet, but the gauge wouldn't move from 94 percent.

'Why isn't it working? Is it a failure?'

Shirone put all his energy into it.

"Hiyaaaah!"

The Miracle Stream made its final advance before dissolving, and the mucus rushed in like a tide.

Tens of thousands of Mucus Man faces protruded in relief on the surface of the slime.

'It's wrong!'

Just as everyone sensed the end, the gauge bar jumped from 94 percent to 100 percent.

"Kiiiiiii!"

Eardrum-bursting noise erupted from the mouths of countless Mucus Men.

Covering their ears and turning away, Shirone's group only cautiously opened their eyes after a long while.

"Huff! Huff!"

Marsha fell on her bottom, and Shirone looked at the mucus frozen right in front of his nose.

"We succeeded."

As Ice Blood spread from the core, mucus worldwide had been solidified.

The operator jumped up.

"We did it! Of course! There couldn't be an error in a program I made!"

"We're alive! You really are a genius! Well done!"

Number Seven, who had embraced her and was jumping up and down, immediately regained his composure.

"Ah..."

As both turned away with reddened faces, Marsha smiled and said.

"Yeah, good job. What happened at the end? I thought we were definitely going to die."

Smile Mark said.

"It was probably because we were breaking through the firewall. Anyway, the first operation was successful. But..."

Looking around, they were completely sealed in by mucus that had hardened like stone.

"How do we get out of here? It would be endless if we tried to dig through."

"Is it finally my specialty?"

As Number Seven approached arrogantly with his chin raised, Shirone's eyes lit up.

'Ah, that's right.'

He was the person who had created all the boss creatures that inhabited High Gear's land, sea, and air.