Depths of the Abyss (4)

Gaold asked.

"Is there no chance of Miro recovering her memories?"

"There is."

Monga turned to look toward the beach.

Miro, who had brought Arius with her as she approached Sirone, was saying something to him.

"If her memory loss has manifested as a child's form, then we could wait until she becomes an adult. I think it would take about 30 years."

"30 years."

In a dream, it was time that Gaold could wait indefinitely.

'I don't know. What's the right thing to do?' In any case, since there was supposedly no way out, there was more than enough time to think.

"Brother. Brother."

Miro waved her hand in front of Sirone's eyes.

"Say something. What are you doing right now? Is looking at the ocean that interesting?"

Gaold's group watched this scene.

"The Great Star..." Monga's face was filled with sadness.

"In reality, he did so many things. None of them were easy. He sacrificed everything of himself and fought for humanity, risking his life."

Sein said.

"Right now he's doing nothing."

"Yes. Usually within dream barriers, one's most desperate wish comes true, but Yahweh's dream is quite dry. It's proof of how intensely he lived in reality."

Monga's shoulders drooped.

"Anyway, it's regrettable. This place could be called stage 1.5 of the depths. If we could go just a little deeper, we could drive away Ymir. He has more than enough ability for that too."

The strike that Sirone delivered to Leviathan in stage 2 was also transmitted to Monga.

'He definitely surpassed infinity. In a normal state, he might have been able to defeat Ymir too.'

Of course, since this was inside Ymir's dream, it wasn't something that could be stated with 100% certainty.

"Eh, he's not saying anything."

As Sirone kept his mouth firmly shut, Miro sat down next to him.

Seeing Arius sniffing Sirone, Kang Nan asked.

"Why is he a dog? In the dream he was definitely human."

"He abandoned his reason. It's a good judgment. If his memories are going to melt away anyway, he focused on instinct. That dog probably senses where this place is through intuition. Of course, he doesn't feel it in clear language like human thoughts would."

As Miro drew pictures in the sand, only the waves continued to crash endlessly.

"I'm waiting."

At the voice heard from beside her, Miro turned her head.

"What?"

"I'm waiting." As Sirone's mouth opened for the first time, Gaold's group hurriedly ran over to them.

"Great Star! Are you coming to your senses?"

Monga asked, but silence continued again.

"What are you waiting for?"

At Miro's question, Sirone pointed to the horizon stretching endlessly over the ocean.

"Something huge."

And probably...

"The most powerful thing in this world."

Monga looked toward the ocean with shocked eyes.

"Ah..."

The unexpected additional variable was that this was a point very close to the end of the abyss.

"Ymir is coming."

The next morning.

Unlike the staff who had been busy since dawn, the officials' arrival was later than yesterday.

"Ugh, my stomach hurts."

After the incident where people's positions changed in the banquet hall, each nation's schedule became tangled.

Most countries held emergency meetings to understand the full story of what happened in the banquet hall.

But also, the leaders of several nations enjoyed the festival provided by Arachne.

'Yesterday was amazing.'

What conversations took place in those places of pleasure would be unknown to nations that didn't participate.

Each nation was tense.

"Arachne seems to be putting effort into supporting Zive."

Rufist, hearing his aide's report, drew arrows on the relationship diagram on the blackboard.

"I heard the banquet continued until dawn. There must have been some kind of deal. Sides will be divided starting today."

Albino asked.

"How was it for you? The entertainment, I mean."

"I didn't go."

Rufist turned around.

"I was analyzing the incident that occurred in the banquet hall. But several of Tormia's officials did attend. It's reported that there was no special information exchange, but..."

"The VIPs would be different."

At Flu's words, Rufist nodded.

"To get their information, we need to send someone from our side one way or another. But securing allies comes first. There are currently nations attempting to make contact."

Sirone asked.

"Which ones?"

"The Southern Nation and the Moon Kingdom. The Southern Nation showed great interest in Yahweh. On the other hand, the Moon Kingdom changed from hostility to goodwill. Last night's incident must have had an influence."

Rufist pointed to the blackboard.

"But this much isn't enough to determine the outcome. It's an alliance that could collapse at any time. The nation Tormia needs most right now is Corona. The probability is quite high too."

Corona was managed by the Ivory Tower, and Sirone was the highest authority of that Ivory Tower.

"There's been no contact yet. It means the factional fighting within the Ivory Tower is that serious."

"They arrived this morning."

At Sirone's words, everyone turned their heads.

"I'm going to negotiate directly."

Corona Kingdom.

Even after the holy war began, the army led by 1st Corps Commander Baal did not cease their attacks.

The demon tribe's banner was to submit to Satan if you wanted to live, but Corona was not weak either.

"Phew."

The snow piled on the plateau was mixed with the blood of demons and humans, creating a disgusting color.

The man who had annihilated 3,000 demons had a cold expression with a long scar carved along his lips.

Thunk. Thunk.

Irregularly stabbing his sword into corpses to confirm life and death, he cut off a demon's arm.

Holding the arm dripping with blood, he sat down on the corpse and bit into the flesh.

Following the sound of chewing, he pressed his lips to the cut surface and sucked the blood.

It was a method of replenishing food and water simultaneously.

"Kugh, good."

The man's name was Laska.

He was a 3-star resident of the Human Safety Executive Department where Minerva served as a Great Star.

All the stars of the Human Safety Executive Department, except for the leadership, were once notorious criminals.

They were experts in war and murder, war demons that even the demon tribes shuddered at.

"Captain."

Laska's satellite Staff walked over, stepping through snow that reached his knees.

"Big sister says to return to base. You've stayed too long. We're running out of food too."

Big sister was none other than Minerva.

"Food, huh."

Laska, who had been chewing flesh, held out the demon's severed arm.

"Want some?"

Staff, who had been staring at it, snorted and scratched his beard.

"No thanks. You put your mouth on it."

"...You're not normal either."

When they descended the mountain via spatial movement, Corona Kingdom's soldiers were engaged in local battles.

Minerva shouted.

"You idiot! Where the hell have you been?"

"I was tracking stragglers. What's all this?"

Minerva's Jet stretched out at tremendous speed, piercing through the demons' bodies.

"Can't you see? Baal has started pressuring the Ivory Tower. They won't last more than 3 days."

Even as the 1st Corps, the number of demons far exceeded humanity's armies.

Laska said.

"Instead of that, let's make peace. What is this? If we fight together with the Law Department, it would be manageable, right?"

"That's why I called you." Minerva gestured behind her with her head.

"Go see. Sirone is here."

"The Great Star?"

Entering the barracks, Sirone was sitting there.

"You've come, Great Star."

Of course, all the stars respected Sirone, but Laska's greeting was somewhat frivolous.

"Yes. I want to meet the Grand Star. Minerva said that if it's you, Laska, you could make it possible."

'This big sister really...!'

Of course, if it was his ability, it would be possible, but there was a high probability he'd have to risk his life.

'How did I get caught up with such a woman.'

Sighing, Laska said.

"Currently, meeting the Grand Star is quite difficult. She's imprisoned within the Law."

"Imprisoned?"

Sirone's eyes widened.

"Who exactly? No, how could anyone imprison the Grand Star?"

"It's Singh."

Laska's expression crumpled.

"Singh, with the combined power of shadow and light, is, well, invincible. He penetrates through everything."

'The Grand Star is trapped.'

This was why the factional balance was so tense.

"Anyway, let's try. I was thinking there was no answer this way anyway. Please resolve this, Great Star."

Laska took Sirone to the Ivory Tower.

Because it was wartime, they had to use different magic circles than usual, and security was tight.

'The atmosphere isn't good.'

The fact that Corona's officials, who always greeted with smiles, were just watching nervously was proof.

Arriving at the 230th floor of the Ivory Tower, they found an iron door with all kinds of magic circuits operating.

"The Grand Star is in here?"

"Yes. As you can see, it's a self-destruct circuit. If you try to break it by force, the Grand Star will be in danger."

Sirone frowned.

'Singh. He has a resolute personality, but he's not cruel. Why is he showing such hostility toward the Grand Star?'

As he activated Miracle Stream, Laska stopped him.

"Stop. The moment Hexa's ability touches it, it's over. The only way is to disable the magic circuit from inside."

Laska took a deep breath.

'Thief's Ultimate, Stealth.'

With the ability that once robbed countless vaults around the world, he becomes immaterial while holding his breath.

'Impressive.'

Laska, who had become hazy like smoke, walked toward the iron door with his mouth puffed up.

Like a lie, his form entered inside, and shortly after, the circuits disappeared.

"Kugh."

When the door opened, Laska could be seen collapsed, emitting smoke from his entire body.

"Are you okay?"

"More or less. Even if I'm immaterial, barely avoiding the self-destruct circuit is all I can manage. The shock to the mind is considerable."

His mind was torn to shreds and he seemed unable to move for a while.

"Grand Star."

Passing by Laska, Sirone went to the Grand Star who was sitting properly at the end of the room.

"You came after all."

She smiled sadly, but there was also a glad light in her eyes.

"What exactly happened? Singh imprisoning the Grand Star. This is insubordination."

"To explain..."

Then a cold voice was heard.

"Stop it, Sirone."

Turning around, Singh was guarding the doorway with Shadow and Light accompanying him.

Sirone said coldly.

"Singh, what is this?"

"You're the one who shouldn't do foolish things. This is all for you. For humanity."

"How is imprisoning the Grand Star for humanity? The Ivory Tower has protected humanity through countless crises until now. The Grand Star has been at the center of that."

"The situation is different from then."

Singh looked at the Grand Star.

"When the outer world opens, Argones will activate. And the Grand Star is an administrator of the same level as Argones. Do you really think she... will be able to protect you until the very end?" When Sirone didn't answer, Singh asked the Grand Star.

"Grand Star, speak for yourself. Even after Argones is activated, will you still side with humanity?"

The Grand Star was unhesitant.

"Yes. I am the planet's incarnation and humanity's mother. I will protect humanity until the end."

"Lies."

Singh said.

"I don't trust anyone. In this world, the only reality is me alone. All other beings are mere illusions. Therefore, Grand Star, you are the same."

"Singh, I know your philosophy. But you're wrong. You are mistaken."

"If you're going to lie until the end..."

As Singh extended his hand, Shadow and Light pushed power into him with the law of yin-yang.

As the entire Ivory Tower shook, Sirone blocked them by igniting Miracle Stream.

"Stop. Don't do something you'll regret." Singh shouted.

"You fool! Why don't you understand! Don't you know how much danger your current judgment will cause?"

Sirone's expression showed no wavering, and eventually Singh decided to use force.

"Forgive me."

Kuuuuuuung!

At that moment, a roar erupted from below the Ivory Tower, and Araka from the Internal Affairs Department came running.

"This is terrible!"

The Grand Star asked.

"Araka, what's wrong?"

"Baal! Baal has entered leading hell's army. They've currently reached the 12th floor."

Laska, who was exhausted, blew his bangs up with a puff.

'I knew this would happen.'