What Is God (4)

Administrator meeting room.

"It's over."

The 'Dr. Martin's Revenge' episode had ended with an unprecedented victory for the users.

The black circle mark spoke.

"It was a decent episode. For what it's worth."

Number Seven's screen, which had been disconnected until now, was lit up.

It was Wuorin's order.

"Tch! So what now? Do whatever you want. Strip me of administrator privileges if you like."

The smile mark said.

"Can you really say that so casually? High Gear almost shut down because of you."

"I know! That's why I'm asking! What should we do? I'll transfer all my shares in Under Coder! Will that do it?"

The lollipop mark said.

"Shouldn't you apologize first?"

"You think I don't want to? I just want to take responsibility. I'm screwed anyway, and if I leave here, there's a knife at my throat. They told me to spill everything, so you guys can get creative and mess me up as much as you want. I don't want to think about High Gear ever again either."

Time couldn't be turned back, and there were limits to punishing someone in High Gear.

The gear mark thought.

'But that's the charm of Under Coder. We all came here drawn to that freedom.'

The yo mark said.

"Fine. Just get lost. What are you doing here? Anyway, normal people like us have to clean up the mess that scum like you made. Live like that for the rest of your life and die."

Fire ignited in Number Seven's chest, but having done what he did, he gritted his teeth and replied.

"I said I'd take responsibility."

"So how are you going to take responsibility?! What's the point of asking us something you don't even know? You shouldn't have done something so stupid in the first place! Just because we gave you a badge, you thought you were something special?"

"Ah! Really!"

Number Seven shouted.

"I'll take all the insults you want, but let's get our facts straight! You think I did this because I had a badge? I had no choice either!"

"What did you do so well that you're bragging!"

"Why can't I speak up! Who here worked like a dog as much as I did? High Gear creatures? I made them all fair! Looking at those ridiculous drafts the Operator handed over, I ran the physics engine tens of thousands of times!"

If he could turn back time, he wanted to go back to when he hadn't met the Operator.

"But what did that woman do to me? Flirting with some weirdo, and not satisfied with that..."

His words were cut short.

An empty screen flickered and a system message appeared on their screens.

Administrator Operator has entered.

As the mark symbolizing High Gear blinked, Number Seven's heart sank.

'Operator.'

The supreme designer for whom High Gear was everything.

"Number Seven."

It was a cold voice.

"Wh-what?"

"Apologize."

"...Sorry."

Once he blurted that out, something he wanted to protect until the end crumbled down.

"I'm sorry. I got heated seeing you hanging around with that Yahweh guy and wanted to destroy everything. This is who I really am. You know, right? Petty and selfish trash who only thinks of himself."

The meeting room was quiet.

"Yo was right. I ruined everything. I have no right to be angry. Insult me however you want until your anger subsides. I'll accept whatever you say."

The Operator said.

"It's not light enough an issue that you can take responsibility to that extent. Do you know what kind of wound you gave me?"

"I know. What should I do? I'll do whatever you tell me to. Please tell me. Honestly, I don't know either."

After thinking for a moment, she spoke.

"Let's meet once."

"What?"

"Let's meet outside. Same goes for the other administrators. It'll be like our first meetup. I have something special to discuss anyway."

The lollipop mark said.

"Wow! That sounds fun!"

Everyone else kept quiet, and their silence was tinged with fear.

"Um... that's probably not a good idea."

"People who can't come out don't have to. There might be non-humans too, and it would be problematic if all administrators left. But Number Seven, you absolutely have to come out. That's my condition."

Number Seven said in a trembling voice.

"I-I don't want to."

"Can you really say that? I heard you die if you don't come out after getting unanimous approval?"

"I'd rather die! What face do I have to meet you with? No, aside from that, I just don't want to."

"Really? Then the meeting is over. I'll have to say I couldn't forgive Number Seven."

Number Seven whimpered.

"Hey! Please just let it slide this once. The people outside are really scary people. I'll do anything else besides that. Please?"

"I'll give you 3 seconds."

"Ah..."

Number Seven's groans continued.

Golden Ring headquarters.

Shirone opened his eyes on a bed in the recovery room.

He saw a white ceiling. As he slowly sat up, over 200 beds were empty and Fermi was nowhere to be seen.

'Marsha isn't here either.'

The texture of the air he breathed seemed to tell him where this place was.

'I'm back.'

Probably a day had passed, but so much had happened in High Gear.

Still... it had been a night's dream.

'Illusion.'

As he was recalling what happened in the outer world, the door opened and Fermi entered.

Shirone frowned.

'We took the medicine together, so why did that guy wake up first? It's really annoying.'

Fermi chuckled and said.

"Your expression is worth seeing. Why don't you pull up the blanket? I won't eat you, so follow me. We need to settle accounts."

Shirone stuck out his tongue at Fermi's back, got off the bed, and adjusted his body's sensations.

"What about Marsha?"

"Seems she woke up 4 hours ago. Everyone went out drinking now. They won't be back today."

"Is that okay? Drinking right away?"

"People live to give pleasure to their brains. There might be people who won't be satisfied unless they save humanity, but there are also people who live to drink alcohol."

There was an edge to his words, but Shirone pretended not to notice.

On the top floor of Golden Ring, which Shirone had visited several times, Fermi offered him a seat.

"Sit."

He wasn't unaware of what settling accounts meant.

"You made a deal with Wuorin too, right?"

Golden Ring had provided full support on the condition of sharing what was obtained from High Gear.

"I'm just receiving my share of information. I think I'm free to use it however I want."

"Who said anything? I just asked if you made a deal with Wuorin. Getting defensive before anyone accuses you."

Fermi twisted his lips.

'He really doesn't match with me.'

There was a reason they had clashed since their school days.

'He's direct and smart too. He knows it's information that can shake me.'

It would be ridiculous to call it payback for teasing him in the recovery room, but he was definitely that type.

'Anyway, it seems he'll settle accounts properly. Well, that's why we make deals.'

Fermi nodded.

"It's not the same ratio. You have to think about what the Empress can do for me."

"Hmm."

Fermi and Wuorin were figures with tremendous influence on the world.

'Pony has to deal with such people in the Holy War. Of course, there's Mr. Lufist, but...'

From Shirone's position of fighting for humanity, all powerful individuals were potential trading partners.

"I went to the outer world."

Since it was a story told countless times in the world of Gonggeop, the explanation proceeded quickly.

Fermi's face, which had been wearing a calculating smile, had hardened by the time the story ended.

"...That's how it happened."

After a long while, Fermi's mouth opened.

"That's shocking."

Showing emotion meant his head was still full of thoughts.

"So in the end, two universes are fighting. God's universe and humanity's universe."

"It's not a fight. We've been completely devoured."

Fermi acknowledged.

"Right, it wouldn't be a fight from the start. Their will acts as results for us. Also, to maintain that status, this universe becomes a multiverse."

"That's the proper way to see it. In short, all universes are signals sent from the outer world. The structure where infinite multiverses all drill into Gonggeop."

"Because it's the same signal, your senses didn't disappear in High Gear's world and worked exactly the same."

"That's right."

Fermi ran his hand through his hair.

"But is such a thing possible? In High Gear's outer world, you could have been mistaken about anything. That means even the mind was processed as a signal. To calculate all of that - infinite universes, all of it - what kind of technology would be needed..."

It was a pointless question.

"Reversal of cause and effect."

"Right. Whether it's possible doesn't matter. Whatever we dream, whatever this universe tries to achieve, the final result that reaches there..."

Shirone pointed to the side.

"Has been in the minus universe from the beginning."

"...God?"

The moment he understood perfectly in his head, Fermi could imagine God for the first time.

"What will you do now?"

This wasn't the time to be lost in sentiment.

"You have to find out. The outer world. You must have felt it in High Gear, but that's the key to Ultima."

The paradox of being able to plant love because it's a world of void.

"Right. My simultaneous event is staying in the Paras Kingdom. If the king's approval comes through, I'll explore ancient ruins. They call it a giant pyramid."

"You mean the place where signals came from the outer world. Will you be okay? If God is the result as you theorize, no matter how much you struggle, you won't have a chance of winning."

"It won't necessarily be like that."

As Fermi narrowed his eyes, Shirone looked up.

"Guffin tried to become a god with a heart. And he shot Hexa into this universe. What do you think that means?"

"...He shot it from the outer world."

"Exactly. He broke the perfect law of God and sent one heart. I don't know the method, but my existence is the proof. That's why I don't give up. If I can return from the outer world and speak of hope..."

"Humanity will be unified through love."

It was Yahweh.

"For now, I need to focus on what's immediately necessary. The High Gear administrators will probably gather tomorrow. I'm thinking of going too. I'll get their help to mine Apocalypse."

It was a stage set up by Wuorin.

"Good, that's settled. The Empress too - let's not distinguish between friend and foe for now and dig in. Leave the administrator matter to me. I'll make mining plans with the Parrot Mercenary Group."

Fermi pushed back his chair and stood up.

"Fermi."

"Yeah?"

As he turned his head, Shirone, still sitting in his seat, had a serious expression.

"Why? Got more to say?"

"About the lost memory. I won't ask about the deal. But shouldn't I know the reason you accepted it?"

Fermi smiled with his eyes.

"Ah, you want to hear that? I told you I'd tell you ages ago. The decision is yours to make anyway..."

"I'll trust you."

The smile disappeared.

"I can't judge, can I? So I have no choice but to rely on your judgment. The reason I made a deal even while losing my memory - what happens if I know that?"

A silence that felt long flowed by.

"Don't be mistaken. I'm not your friend. You'll trust me? With that statement just now, over a thousand ways to use you are floating through my head."

"What about for me?"

Shirone didn't give up.

"If I know, I'll have a chance to prepare, right? Now I've even uncovered the secret of the outer world. How about judging while considering all of that? Even now, is it something I shouldn't know?"

Fermi, who had been staring straight into Shirone's eyes, walked toward the door and muttered.

"No."

Before the door closed, a voice was heard.

"Trust me, you idiot."