That Winter (3)

Haigong Hills.

Beta Fish Justine gazed down at the grassland spread before her, focusing her mind.

'Father.'

Making a sound like livestock being slaughtered, his neck was severed right before her eyes.

'Mother.'

Horribly violated.

'My precious family, and even their families...'

One day, suddenly and without explanation, her life had been carpet-bombed.

'It wasn't easy for me either.'

The reason she had been able to save her life from that bombardment was probably because her own life was more precious to her than her family's.

'I'm sorry. Mom, Dad.'

The moment she realized the one fact she had lived while turning away from, tears poured down like a waterfall.

'I wanted to live.'

To comfort herself by saying she was young would be too much - the life she had lived was thoroughly stained with all kinds of cowardice.

'And someone unknown who died in my place.'

She had been able to escape Havitz's net because some child had been mistaken for Justine.

"Miss Justine, it's time."

Shirone and Minerva approached from both sides.

'I'll end this!'

In her blazing eyes was the most intense hatred in the world.

"With this..."

As Shirone opened the lid of the red metal box, <Beop-sal> vibrated with a bloody stench.

"Strange, you say?"

Gai, the 1st Commander who had been attacking Bashken's castle, came directly to Vulcan to report.

"Yes. The castle is already isolated, but they're neither activating Ex Machina nor giving up."

"Hmm."

Gai was a madman.

'But that's why I trust him.'

He didn't have the ability to coldly read military situations, but his intuition about war was as sharp as Vulcan's.

"What are they plotting?"

"There's no reason not to activate Ex Machina. Perhaps they're preparing a trump card we don't know about..."

Vulcan's eyes flashed.

"Damn it!"

Gai raised his head.

"What's wrong?"

This wasn't something to tell others about.

"No. You take the mobile unit right now and go to the outer gate. Don't let anyone into the capital."

"We've already breached the outer gate. No additional troops from the Holy War have been reported either..."

"You're the only one who can do this." Vulcan added.

"You won't be disappointed."

That was enough for Gai.

"Understood."

In that he would ask nothing as long as he could swing his sword, Gai was Vulcan's key horse.

After sending Gai out, Vulcan strode toward the temporary barracks.

'Ex Machina, and <Beop-sal>. Damn! It was all predetermined from the start.'

What he had heard from Abella was only that Kashan had sent him to kill Havitz.

'She must have deceived even her. Havitz's assassination starts now.'

Vulcan entered the barracks and shouted.

"Prepare the entire army to retreat! Deploy all available personnel to escort His Majesty!"

"What? But why retreat now..."

Vulcan didn't give his subordinate a chance to argue back.

"Where is the Empress?"

"She's resting in the nobles' quarters."

Vulcan, who had quickly finished arming himself, nodded and lifted the tent flap of the barracks.

'I hope it's not too late...'

Justine said.

"I was afraid. Even while carrying the deaths of countless people on my back, I just turned away. I thought I could run away."

<Beop-sal>, which had undergone object deprivation, was left with only endless hatred without purpose.

"Thank you for giving me this opportunity."

Justine gripped <Beop-sal> in her hand.

"So this is that dagger."

As killing intent seeped into the dagger, a sound like the sky being torn apart was heard.

Shirone gulped.

'This is probably Miss Minerva's scream from childhood.'

It was terrible.

"I'll begin."

Shirone took out an atomic clock made of material to measure the time to snipe the law.

"41.331 seconds left until the coordinates Iruki designed."

The numbers on the display board dropped below 30 seconds.

"I won't be able to hit it exactly."

Even if Justine was skilled at sniping, catching 1/1000th of a second was difficult.

"That's why we're here. We'll communicate with Iruki and adjust the law."

Minerva added.

"So don't think about time. What we want from you is hatred incomparable to anything else."

"I'm confident in that."

With 10 seconds left, Justine closed her eyes.

'Havitz.'

In her mind's eye, Havitz had become a giant flame, flicking a demon's tongue.

'Not for the world.'

Because that would not be hatred.

'Only my personal grudge. So...'

The flame in her mind exploded with a bang, and Justine's face shedding tears of blood was born.

'Die!'

Shirone said.

"4 seconds."

Justine gritted her teeth, gripped the dagger, and spread her legs wide front and back.

"Iyaaaaaaah!"

Letting out a scream that seemed to tear her throat, she snapped her upper body and hurled <Beop-sal> like throwing.

"...Aaaaaaaah!"

The most extreme method hatred could choose.

Bang!

The air exploded like thunder as <Beop-sal>'s trajectory stretched out like a clothesline.

"Launch!"

Shirone and Minerva pursued <Beop-sal>, but it had already disappeared from sight.

'Incredible speed. What is this...'

Only the screaming sound of <Beop-sal> containing 14 years of resentment filled the space belatedly.

"Shirone! Get on!" Minerva approached sideways, unlike usual, with the jet between her legs.

"I'm going to fly at maximum speed. Hold my waist."

"You could fly faster?"

"Yeah."

Shirone frowned.

"Then why didn't you fly like that?"

"The vibration is too intense."

Minerva looked down below, then turned to Shirone with a bright smile.

"Once you taste it, you can't stop." Shirone, who had been dazed for a moment, shook his head and removed his hands from Minerva's waist.

"You have to stop this time."

"I'll try to endure it. And hold my waist. It'll feel much better than you think."

Why did that make him even less want to grab on?

The jet flew at tremendous speed with fine vibrations.

As the sonic boom exploded, Minerva threw her head back and made a moaning sound.

"Haaaaah..."

Just as Shirone was about to scold her, Iruki's voice entered his head.

Shirone! Can you hear me? It was telepathy magic he had practiced for nearly a year, and with the advantage of the departure type, long-distance communication was possible.

"I can hear you. But there's some noise mixed in."

It's because of the distance. Just maintaining the Spirit Zone is difficult. How's <Beop-sal>?

Shirone turned his head to see <Beop-sal> flying alongside the jet.

"The bullet is safe. What do we do now?"

It was a bit fast. Could you slow <Beop-sal>'s speed by about 80 centimeters per second?

"I'll try."

As Shirone created a thin air barrier in front using Yahweh's light, <Beop-sal>'s vibration intensified.

That's right. A little more. Got it.

As they entered the forest 98 kilometers from Bashken, Shirone's eyes widened.

'You designed all of this?'

Even one tree branch could change the law, but <Beop-sal> was penetrating straight through countless gaps.

Over the head of a deer drinking from a spring, under the belly of a wildcat pouncing on a rabbit...

This is nothing. Most of the data is concentrated in the capital. We'll handle it from the 80-kilometer point.

At the point passing through the village with Ex Machina, Iruki's voice became clear.

"I'm going to follow too."

He thought he had a duty to confirm the results.

Gustav forces are spread out everywhere. The magic control devices are also at full operation. Get out at the capital entrance.

"Got it."

After passing several cities, the outer gate of the capital Bashken finally came into view.

"Iruki, forces are positioned there."

It doesn't matter. I've already adjusted the law to produce the result of Havitz's death.

Since Ex Machina handled calculations outside of adjustment, Iruki couldn't grasp the details of the forces either.

"Someone's coming!"

Iruki's voice became muddy again.

...It's fine... Anyway... the law...

<Beop-sal> penetrated the castle gate through the only gap guarded by all the soldiers with not even a millimeter of error.

"What, what was that?"

As the soldiers looked around bewildered, an armored knight over 2 meters tall drew his sword.

"Iyaaaah!"

Just seeing the ground explode showed this wasn't human speed.

"Dodge!"

As Minerva twisted the jet's head, wind was pushed back, and Gai brought down his longsword through that wind pressure.

Shirone felt dizzy.

'This is...?'

Even while dodging with instant movement, he clearly confirmed the opponent's will carved in the flash.

'Ozendt swordsmanship?'

The ground split with a roar, and Shirone and Minerva landed with that line between them.

"Oh? You dodged?" The huge knight straightened his back and rested his longsword on his shoulder.

'Calling it a longsword...'

It was longer and thicker than Lian's great sword.

"I'm glad I joined Gustav after all. Being next to the strategist lets me fight many interesting wars."

As he removed his helmet while saying this, Shirone's eyes shook with shock.

"Lian?"

No, the skeleton was a bit stronger, he was older, and above all, he had black hair.

Gai twitched his thick eyebrows.

"Strange. To hear my younger brother's name here."

"Younger brother means..."

What he had heard from Temuran came to mind.

"Ozendt Gai?"

"Oho?"

Gai looked at Shirone with interest.

"Who are you?"

Terrifying killing intent swirled.

"Wahahahaha! I am a beggar!"

The Gustav Four Horsemen except Vulcan had broken into private homes and harmed people indiscriminately.

While Natasha was superior in killing techniques, Zetaro's acts were terrible and Smodou was wicked.

"You idiots! What are you doing here!"

Vulcan came running with Abella.

"Where is His Majesty? Where is Havitz?" Natasha shrugged.

"Don't know. We were betting on who could kill more. He probably went into that house over there."

Sure enough, screaming sounds were heard.

"Damn it! Quickly prepare to retreat! We're leaving!"

"Is the war over already?"

"No. The castle is on the verge of falling. But that's not what's important. Let's get out first."

This was the first time seeing Vulcan so flustered.

"What's happening?"

Without time to answer, Vulcan took Abella and went to where the screaming had erupted.

"Please persuade Havitz! We must leave the capital!"

"O-okay."

Since Havitz was where the screaming was, they went straight to the house door without needing to search.

"Come here! I'm it!"

The inside of the house was chaos, and Havitz was chasing the family with a crude sword taken from a blacksmith shop.

"Honey! This way!"

As the mother holding her young child in her arms ran up the attic stairs, Havitz, who had changed direction, fell down.

"Please spare us. Please..."

As the husband held his wife and son while begging, Havitz suddenly raised his head.

"It's a dead end anyway."

Vulcan shouted.

"Your Majesty! You must flee quickly! I guarantee that if you don't leave the capital now, you'll die!"

Miraculous relief appeared on the family's faces.

'We're saved. We're alive.'

Havitz looked back while lying prone.

"Die, you said?"

His eyes shone with terrible longing, then he frantically crawled up the stairs.

"Kyaaaaaaah!"

At the sight of Havitz slaughtering the family, Vulcan held his forehead and sighed.

"Like pouring oil on a burning fire."

Because killing the family swept with relief was more fun than his own death.

'No, perhaps...'

Abella shouted.

"Honey! Hurry! That strange weapon is going to kill you!"

Vulcan stopped her.

"No, never mind. Just leave him be."

"What? What do you mean?"

"The combination of Ex Machina and <Beop-sal>. And what we can put forward is perfect chaos."

Perhaps Havitz might be the right answer.