[631] What's Truly Important (1)

Fire Mist heated the air and Fire Strike poured toward Fisho.

'He can't cast insect magic anyway!'

Since Fisho dealt with creatures, his abilities were equally limited in areas filled with toxic gas.

'There's one thing that bothers me though...'

It was the grotesque insect attached in place of Fisho's right arm.

'A parasite?'

If he covered his face with gas-resistant insects to detoxify the poison, the insect connected to his body would also be able to endure.

"It's useless, Amy."

Despite being hit by several Fire Strikes, Fisho remained unfazed.

'This is an ability I've never seen before.'

If it was an organism parasitizing his body, there would be no problem with assimilation judgment.

'Then I'll cut it off!'

Kieeeee!

Fisho's arm stretched out as Argones emerged with its jaws wide open.

"That's nothing!"

It was an easy dodge for a Schema user, and Amy, who had approached Fisho, struck down at his arm with a hand chop.

It was enough force to break bone, but surprisingly, there was no bone.

'What the hell?'

The moment she felt a squishy sensation, Fisho grabbed Amy with his other hand.

'You want to engage in close combat?'

Amy twisted both legs to generate rotational force and struck upward at Fisho's abdomen, making a thud sound as her fist penetrated through his belly.

The disgusting sensation made her skin crawl, but Amy made a cold judgment.

'I need to burst his heart!'

Her hand, which had dug into his belly, grasped Fisho's heart, but all she felt was another squishy sensation.

"I'm no longer human."

The moment Fisho's indifferent voice was heard, Argones bit Amy's nape.

"Gasp!"

"Don't be afraid. You've passed the test."

Her fist slipped out smoothly from his belly, and the expression disappeared from Amy's face.

"As my faithful servant."

Alien creature Argones.

This organism, first reported to academia 230 years ago, is presumed to have flown from outside the solar system on a meteorite, boasting such powerful vitality that it maintained life even while breaking through the atmosphere.

It transforms the host's body into completely different biological matter by kneading the host's cells, but since the appearance remains the same, academia predicts there are considerable numbers of humans infected with Argones.

"You... you..."

Amy desperately tried to move her stiffened tongue.

"Truly impressive. To maintain consciousness even while infected."

Argones, parasitizing the host's body, infiltrates other organisms with pilot insects to seize control of their central nervous system.

'No. I've lost control.'

She continuously tried to back up her self-image memories, but her body wouldn't move as she willed.

"Don't struggle. It will only make you suffer."

Like a child blindly trusting their mother's words, her body automatically responded to Fisho's commands.

"What did you... do to my body..."

When Fisho raised his right arm, the form that had been mashed like dough gradually returned to human shape.

"Lifespan is ultimately just a function created during the cellular evolution process. Argones, which has no average lifespan at all, synchronizes with the host's body to maintain biological activity forever."

It was a kind of immortality.

"But that's only theoretical."

Fisho lowered his arm weakly.

"A human body with stopped cell division continues to accumulate errors, and I too will eventually become a vegetative person covered in cancer cells."

That was the fate of humans who accepted Argones.

"Don't worry. You won't become a monster like me. I'll extract it once the test is over."

"Just... to pass... a test..."

"I merely donated my body for the advancement of biology. I'll enter an isolation facility once the graduation exam ends."

Though cancer cells would eventually spread to his brain and consume it, Fisho's intellectual curiosity was intense enough to surpass that.

"Let's go, Amy."

Caught by the genetic impulse to obey, Amy slowly turned and followed behind Fisho.

"Shirone..."

Shirone knelt before Maya, who was crying with tears and snot flowing, and touched her forehead.

"It's too hard... I want to stop now..."

While people revered mages, Maya, who had lived with them, was disgusted at the mere mention of magic.

"Everyone's crazy. If I stay any longer, I think I'll go insane."

Shirone also knew it was a world that couldn't be endured with an ordinary mind.

"There's not much left. Just a little more..."

"I can't do it. The tribe, my siblings, I can't remember anything anymore."

Maya squeezed her eyes shut and sobbed.

"I just... wanted to love you... a little more..."

Maya wouldn't be able to endure it.

"For the last time... I tried hard... to sing..."

Watching Maya convulse in all her limbs, Shirone made a decision.

"Let's get out, Maya."

The combination of Luman's ant nest and Fiord's toxic gas would weaken the competitors' mental strength, so it wasn't a bad situation for Shirone either.

'I can't love you, but...'

As he refocused his mental strength, somewhat recovered through his selfless heart, the incarnation of the archangel rose and aimed a spear toward the outside.

'Elysion!'

The sense of Straight hit Luman's location outside the ant nest, piercing through the anti-magic.

"I can give you one more chance."

Avatar Technique.

Angel's Punishment.

As the spear of light consecutively penetrated the inner walls and emerged from the ant nest, Luman's eyes widened.

"What!"

By the time he shouted, the flash had already pierced through his torso.

"Gugh!"

Participant number 16. Eliminated from the 2000 system.

When Luman lost consciousness, the ant nest crumbled away, and the trapped participants quickly surveyed their surroundings.

'Tch, he took down Luman. Just a little more endurance would have done it.'

If they had held out just 10 more minutes, there would have been dropouts and they could have graduated easily.

'Maya! Where's Maya?'

Cayden's thoughts were only of Maya, and when he found her in Shirone's arms, his expression showed incomprehension.

"Why...?"

On the other hand, Iruki quickly grasped the situation.

"So that's what happened."

He eliminated Luman to save Maya.

'A clearly emotional judgment. If that's also a privilege of the strong, it's not something to question, but...'

He wanted to graduate together, so it was truly regrettable.

'Will you really be okay? This time you definitely made a bad move.'

Shirone slowly set Maya down.

"This is all I can do for you."

"Shirone..."

Though she couldn't analyze as precisely as Iruki, she could sense that Shirone had sacrificed something.

"Try to endure a little more. So you won't regret it later."

That alone made Maya feel like she had gained everything.

"Phew, I'm tired."

Cracking his neck as he walked toward the participants, Shirone slowly raised his hand and gestured for them to come at him.

At the same time, Cayden raised his Cross Sword and charged.

'I couldn't protect Maya!'

Just as Shirone widened his eyes to block the attack, Cayden immediately passed by him and ran to Maya.

"Take this!"

Blocking Maya's front, he twisted his body and swung his sword upward, making a clang sound as Richard's metal arm was deflected.

"Tch!"

In a situation where graduation was guaranteed if just 4 more people dropped out, targeting Maya was common sense, and Richard didn't like Cayden's judgment that broke that common sense.

"Don't you care about the exam at all? You're really crazy too."

"That's not something you should say."

He didn't want to hear the word "crazy" from a human who had modified 35 percent of his body.

'If only Maya can be happy...!'

He had long transcended jealousy.

'I can be unhappy as much as needed!'

Sword Technique.

Mega Tornado.

Richard, blown into the air by the strong wind, instantly regained his balance and targeted Maya with his mechanical eyes.

'I'll eliminate Maya first!'

As the flame magic stone was equipped and spewed fire, Cayden swung his Cross Sword toward the pouring flames.

"Hiyaaaah!"

As cold air swirled and extinguished the flames, Richard's right arm rotated 45 degrees and equipped another attribute.

'Yes, this is it!'

Meanwhile, the other participants were concentrating their attacks on Shirone.

'His reaction speed has definitely slowed! We're winning!'

He appeared so exhausted that he couldn't even deploy Force Dimension, and this was being analyzed through the scouts' eyes.

"Mental strength readings dropped to 4 percent after defeating Luman. This looks like the end."

Baikal felt the same regret.

"The price for emotional judgment. That's why mages must be cold."

Having abandoned her specialty of sniping, Amy was constantly blinking her red eyes while unleashing physical attacks.

'Is she being controlled by something?'

The backup speed of her self-image memories was abnormal, adding to his suspicion, when Amy spoke.

"Foolish Shirone."

"What?"

Having lost control of her body, she couldn't even prevent her thoughts from slipping out as words.

"Is Maya more precious than the graduation exam?"

"That's...!"

Shirone stepped back repeatedly, creeped out by the blatant words, as Iruki clicked his tongue and flew in.

"You reap what you sow. Why did you show sympathy?"

Chain explosions of Atomic Bomb attacked Shirone, and Sabina fired Wind Cutters rapidly into the explosions.

"Graaaah!"

In a situation where even maintaining Four Way Madness was burdensome, his mental strength readings began to continuously drop.

"Waaaaaaah!"

As Shirone, who had dominated competitors until now, faced the crisis of elimination, the audience's cheers sounded louder than ever.

"Very sadistic..."

Baikal said.

"Pornography."

Elizabeth couldn't deny it.

"Talents who devoted their lives to pursuing one path encounter limits and despair. Is there any more entertaining spectacle than this?"

As a scout, she had witnessed countless competitions.

"Talent, effort, or wealth. If we could just compromise a little on anything, all of humanity could be happy right now. But such a thing has never happened in history. It makes me think it's not that we won't, but that we can't."

"On the other hand, it's also true that such fighting spirit has advanced humanity."

"Of course. What I want to say is..."

What she really wanted to know was.

"If everyone were happy, why would development be necessary?"

What exactly are we fighting for?

"Of course, I too climbed to this position through competition. That's why number 27's judgment is the worst. It's just that sometimes, I really can't tell what's truly important."

'This isn't right!'

Amy, burning her red eyes, broke free from the parasite's mental control and fired Fire Strikes in all directions.

'Was there an unreachable place?'

A deeper realm that the controlling grasp couldn't reach was felt in Amy's mind.

'How dare you humiliate me?'

As Amy entered the First Way and heated her cells with fire's battery, Elizabeth shouted.

"Body temperature exceeded 42 degrees! This is dangerous in this state!"

'She's trying to extract the pilot insect.'

Since it had already settled in the human environment, if she rapidly raised the heat, it wouldn't be able to endure and would have to come out.

'But she could die. Does she really want that?'

'Come out! Get out of my body!'

Even in her confused mental state, her self-image memory found the pilot insect that had seized the central core and concentrated heat there.

Ceriel jumped up and shouted.

"Amy! You can't do that!"

Human fever is hot enough to kill germs, but to drive out parasites would require accepting a high probability of death.

'To defeat Shirone...'

Her red eyes explosively emitted red light.

"I'll defeat him with my own will!"

Amy's nape area bulged up, then burst with a pop as an insect flew out.