Twilight (2)

Arius spoke.

"Whoa!"

With Shirone's family gathered around, the object floating in mid-air slowly began to fall.

"I'm sorry."

Shirone said as he slowly opened his eyes.

"I taught her. Miro isn't at fault. Please don't be too angry."

"What exactly did you do? An object flying through the air... Is this some kind of superpower?"

He actually knew.

'The ability I saw in my dream.'

No, now these were events that forcibly embedded themselves in his mind even while awake.

Miro stepped in front of Shirone.

"Big brother did nothing wrong. I just watched what he was doing and copied it."

'Just by watching?'

Shirone's mind went blank.

'So that's how it is.'

Ryuber had described their condition as a spot-the-difference puzzle where you couldn't tell which was the original.

'There are two different worlds. But we can't believe either one is real.'

However, in the dream, Miro was a seeker with humanity's deepest thoughts.

'Neither Shirone nor Miro can stay like this. Something is awakening them.'

Shirone said.

"Let's go to Gaold."

"I'm back."

Gaold entered through the door, throwing house keys and cash onto the table before taking off his shirt.

"You're back?"

Kang Nan said as she took his clothes.

"How was today?"

"Same as always. Didn't make much since it was tribute day. Those bastards were subtly threatening me."

Kang Nan had never once blamed Gaold for his poor business skills.

"Things will get better. The merchant alliance is going to move. We'll clash with the Tamo organization soon."

Kang Nan belonged to the merchant alliance.

"We'll raid their weapons warehouse and hit their hideout. We have way more people than them."

"Hmph! Those worthless bastards are nothing..."

"Don't be like that. Everyone's fighting for their survival. Our situation isn't any different."

"Those guys think this world is everything. It's not a spot-the-difference puzzle like ours."

"Right."

Kang Nan smiled bitterly.

"We were really amazing in our dreams. But we can't live in dreams forever."

Kang Nan wrapped her arms around Gaold's waist.

"What's wrong? Didn't we decide to keep living? At least until Miro becomes an adult..."

"Stop."

Gaold felt sorry.

"It's not like that. I'm sorry. I'm just confused too. Lately, even more so..."

Kang Nan felt the same way.

"I know what you're thinking. Sometimes... I get anxious. Whether I'm becoming a burden."

"A burden?"

Whichever was the real picture, Kang Nan was the most precious person to Gaold.

Just as Gaold and Kang Nan's eyes met and their lips drew closer...

"Uncle!"

Miro burst through the open door.

"Oh!"

She blinked as she discovered Gaold and Kang Nan quickly separating.

Though her feelings were complicated, the girl soon smiled mischievously and said:

"What? Uncle and Aunt Kang Nan... ugh!"

Shirone smacked her on the head.

"I told you to knock when entering someone's house, didn't I? You little troublemaker. Apologize quickly."

"What do you mean someone else's house? Aunt! I'm here."

As Miro ran over with her arms spread wide, Kang Nan smiled and embraced her.

"Yes. What brings you here at this hour?"

In reality they were bitter enemies, but Miro didn't know this fact and Kang Nan lived with Gaold.

It was a perfect compromise.

"Where's Mr. Ryuber?"

Lately Ryuber and Mong Ah hadn't been seen, but there wasn't much need to find them either.

"He's not here. What's wrong?"

When Shirone looked at him, Gaold popped open a beer cap and spoke as if making a toast.

"You came, scholar?"

Though Kang Nan elbowed his side, Shirone showed no change in expression as always.

"Hello."

Shirone said.

"We came because there's been an incident. Something seems to have happened to Shirone and Miro... We need Mr. Ryuber."

"What kind of incident?"

"Shirone, can you do it here?"

When Shirone hesitated reluctantly, Shirone approached and patted his shoulder.

"It's okay. I'm not trying to get angry. I'm trying to help you. Try it here once."

"Yes, then."

As Shirone took a posture with both hands extended forward, Gaold chuckled.

"What is it? Magic?"

The moment he finished speaking, the beer bottle in his hand floated up and flew toward Shirone.

As Gaold and Kang Nan gaped with bewildered expressions, Miro shouted:

"Aunt, aunt! I can do that too!"

Gaold stared at the beer bottle Shirone sent back for a long while before raising his head.

"What the hell? Damn."

"Both of them have awakened."

Mong Ah said.

They were at the twilight seashore, facing toward Gaold's house.

"They found the code hidden by the immortal function. It's been a storm since the Tamo organization entered."

"Well, the Five Great Stars deny the 1.5th floor. They must have implemented the feeling of reality in this world, right? Miro saw that and realized the same thing."

Mong Ah said worriedly.

"If the compromise starts breaking down like this, the 1.5th floor will eventually be destroyed too. We need to watch the changes in those two..."

"Watch Gaold. He'll determine whether the 1.5th floor exists or not."

"What?"

Mong Ah tilted her head.

"He's the most confused person though? It seems like he's wavering completely, this way and that."

"That's what makes him human. He wavers endlessly, but when he makes a decision, that becomes everything."

That's why it's about will.

"If the Five Great Stars, Miro, and Gaold clash in reality, we can't know who will prevail. Not because it's close, but because the result would be unimaginable."

Mong Ah asked with a serious expression.

"What would happen if Gaold awakened?"

"Probably...

It would become a complete mess, wouldn't it?"

Gaold, sitting on the sofa, downed his beer.

"Ahh, refreshing."

Arius lay on the carpet while Shirone and Miro played around, floating toys in the air.

"Hmm."

Shirone at the dining table said to Kang Nan:

"We can meet the quantity in three days. The problem is personnel. How's the merchant alliance?"

Kang Nan examined the bomb blueprints.

"We've gathered up to 300 people. But the warehouse guards are armed with firearms. Will it really be okay?"

"The beginning is important. Once we seize the weapons warehouse, we'll have firearms too. The Tamo organization will collapse."

Miro interjected.

"Dad, I have a good idea."

Though they'd kept it secret from Miro until now, she already knew everything.

Like Shirone, she said that when she concentrated, she could sense what was happening in the house.

"Don't butt in."

Even so, Shirone had no intention of involving his daughter.

"Don't be like that, just listen. The problem is throwing the bombs, right? The enemies will shoot. So..."

Miro caught the toy Shirone tossed into the air and moved it to the dining table.

"This is the bomb."

The toy flying slowly through the air dropped with a thunk on the table between Shirone and Kang Nan.

"Bang."

Shirone's pupils shook.

"How about it? If we do it this way, we can blow up the warehouse without getting shot, right?"

Silence fell.

"Stop it."

Gaold said.

"This isn't child's play. You can't fight just by moving objects around."

Miro flared up.

"What does uncle know? You just get beaten by the Tamo organization. Honestly, you don't even have the courage to fight, do you?"

Watching Gaold drink his beer as if avoiding an answer, Shirone asked:

"Are you really not going to do it?"

"I won't."

"Why?"

Gaold's hand pointed at Shirone.

"Are you guys idiots? Don't you see this? He's using strange abilities. And you just want to throw some bombs?"

"...What are you trying to say?"

"Spot the difference. At this point, isn't it clear which side is real?"

This world was the fake one.

"If we leave the Tamo organization alone, they'll end this world. Then we'll wake up too."

"That's possible. But if that place is real like you say, we'll die. Besides, for you, reality would be an incomparable nightmare compared to ours, wouldn't it?"

A life writhing in the extremes of pain.

"You couldn't last a minute. It would be terrible agony. To meet Miro for that brief moment, you'd endure everything?"

"Yes."

Miro's head turned toward Gaold.

"Just once before dying... that's not what I mean. Precisely, it's everything that includes Miro. You too, Kang Nan too, Shirone too. Anyway, this isn't my world."

"Gaold can't do it."

Ryuber said.

"Pain is the measure of how clearly you feel this moment. Past pain doesn't matter at all. Thoughts like wanting to return to that time become nothing the moment you actually face that reality."

"I see."

"The pain of reality is something that has already become that way. But when there's a choice, humans absolutely never choose pain. Of course, there are cases where people push themselves into pain for their own development. But Gaold can't do that. The pain he'd have to endure transcends the biological category."

Gaold said.

"So... I don't particularly want to care. Merchant alliance or whatever, honestly speaking, we could just leave it alone. I won't do anything."

Miro shouted:

"I'm disappointed! Uncle, you said you liked me, right? But I hate cowards!"

Gaold downed his beer.

"Well. Maybe when you grow up and become an adult, but I'm not interested in brats."

"Uncle is stupid! Idiot! Fool!"

That night.

Shirone, who had stayed late at Gaold's house to sleep, woke up with an ominous feeling.

'What an unlucky nightmare.'

Though it might have been ordinary daily life in reality, Shirone defined that dream as a nightmare.

"Are they sleeping well?"

Thinking this world was at least better, Shirone went to the room where Miro was sleeping.

And the moment he opened the door.

"Gaold!"

The house rang out.

Ten minutes later, Kang Nan seriously muttered as she inserted cold weapons into her belt.

"Thirty bombs are missing."

Shirone, Miro, and Arius had left, and they were either mentally unstable, young, or an animal.

Shirone, having finished arming himself, asked:

"Can you call the merchant alliance?"

"I don't know. It's questionable whether we can assemble them right now, and more importantly, the promised timing is different..."

Just as Kang Nan was about to insert a knife into her boot, Gaold approached and snatched the blade away.

"What are you doing?"

Instead of answering, Gaold threw the knife hard toward the wall in front.

Thunk!

With half the blade embedded, Shirone and Kang Nan frowned as they watched.

"How stupid."

Shirone said.

"What is? Miro is still young and Shirone is mentally unstable. We need help."

"Right. Miro is gone."

Recalling the feeling of trying to kill even God, Gaold pulled out the knife.

"Merchant economics, the city's survival or destruction - you can't approach it with such soft thinking."

Gaold, having pulled out the knife, turned around.

"Do you even know what you're fighting? Stop nagging and follow me. We just need to go get them back."

Kang Nan and Shirone realized.

'That's right.'

Gaold fights for himself.

'But we...'

As if enchanted, they had always run this far while looking at his back.