[754] The Doctrine of Evil (1)

The 48th Military Facility was a place where special experiments were conducted under the direct orders of President Igor.

As such, it was stationed with elite agents, and the commander was also a captain-level figure directly selected from the capital, Pasia.

Clack! Clack! Clack! Clack!

Whenever they patrolled with military swords hanging from their belt buckles and studded military boots, people trembled in fear.

"You! Come here!"

"M-me?"

When murderous intent flashed in the soldier's eyes, a man who had been walking normally on the street came running frantically.

The moment he arrived, the soldier's fist struck the man hard.

"Ugh!"

The man, who had been beaten without even knowing why and collapsed to the ground, couldn't muster the courage to look up at them.

"What kind of idiot is this? You see us working hard on patrol and don't pay respects to President Igor?"

While North Emond's military law had no such provision, there were over 300 articles stating that soldiers were the law.

Something must have put him in a bad mood, and resisting here would result in his head being mercilessly severed by a military sword.

"I'm sorry! Long live President Igor!"

The man who jumped up raised both arms toward the northern sky where the Presidential Palace was located.

"...Get lost."

When the soldier spoke with cold eyes, the man hurried away, grateful that his head was still attached.

His partner, who had been watching from the side, asked.

"Why are you so moody today?"

"Nothing special. The kids have gotten too cheeky. Ever since the altar opened. How can the nation maintain discipline like this?"

"Collection not going well?"

The 80 soldiers stationed at the 48th Military Facility were receiving a kind of service fee from the 1,200 city residents.

"They've been whining lately. Something about their daughter being sick or whatever. They keep postponing it."

"Hahaha! That's unlucky. Well, when a child is sick, parents do lose their minds."

"It's no laughing matter. I need to send money home, but I spent too much at the bar this month."

His partner winked and said.

"Want me to collect it for you?"

"What method would work? They wouldn't pay even when beaten and threatened. You know the commander hates it when strange rumors spread about our squad, right?"

"That's why seniority is scary."

His partner waved his finger, pointing toward the residential area.

"Even if the daughter is sick, it's better than dying, right?"

Twelve-year-old Verdi, living as a citizen of the North Emond Republic, resented the world.

'Why...'

Though she didn't know exactly what happiness was, she was certain of the fact that she was unhappy.

Even while delirious with fever, she had to prepare food for the soldiers who had barged in since morning.

"So you'd better think carefully. No need to sacrifice a child, right?"

The soldiers were angry about not being able to collect their fees, and Verdi felt miserable watching her mother get beaten because of her.

'I can't be sick. I have to endure it.'

She heard the sound of a table being slammed, followed immediately by her mother's ear-piercing scream.

"Are you playing games right now! Do you really need to see the end to understand?"

She wanted to run out right now and tell them to take all the hidden money, but nothing would change anyway.

"Please! Not my daughter!"

"Get away from me! Can you still call yourself a citizen of the great North Emond Republic after this!"

Her hands cutting carrots moved faster, then slammed down on the cutting board with a bang.

It was a short sword she had found in the mountains a month ago.

"...I want to kill them."

<Law Kill> was activated.

'Suddenly quiet?'

The thought lasted only a moment, and soon the floor became noisy as the soldier's partner entered.

"Hey! I'm starving! When will this be done?"

"Just wait a little. It'll be ready soon."

Verdi hurriedly put an onion on the cutting board and was quickly chopping it when she cut her fingertip.

"Ouch!"

As she made a tearful face seeing the blood seeping from her finger, the partner kicked her.

"You stupid thing!"

Having knocked Verdi to the floor, he checked the onion and frowned disgustedly.

"You're sick and getting blood all over the food."

There was some flesh and blood on the cutting board.

But what caught his eye was a short sword lying beside the cutting board.

"Huh? This..."

Though simple and plain in form, it was clean as new, and when hit by sunlight, it had a purple luster that seemed extraordinary.

"What's wrong?"

The soldier entered the kitchen.

"Look at this. They were hiding this kind of thing. I tell you, all the ones who complain are the same."

As if suddenly remembering, the partner asked.

"How did it go, the collection?"

"It's resolved. They're bringing the money now. They should have done this from the start instead of getting beaten for nothing."

"Hehe, that's why I told you to just trust me. A pack of cigarettes?"

The partner put his hand in the basket, picked up a potato and threw it, saying.

"It's no good cooking here. Let's just eat this and get out."

Seeing the potato had sprouted, the soldier used his wrist snap to quickly throw it back.

"I wouldn't eat it even if you gave it to me. You eat it."

When the potato stuck to his hand with a slap, the partner, finding it amusing, made a suggestion.

"How about this then? Let's play catch, and whoever loses eats it. Plus a pack of cigarettes."

The soldier took a receiving stance and said.

"Anytime. Throw it."

"Alright, here it comes!"

Taking a stance like a player, the moment he threw the potato with smooth connecting motions.

'Huh?'

The partner realized.

'Wait, I'm right-handed, aren't I?'

He had caught the potato with his left hand.

"What was I holding in my right hand?"

Lost in thought, the short sword that left his hand in a full swing struck the soldier squarely in the forehead.

"Gack!"

Verdi covered her face and screamed.

"Kyaaaaa!"

When the partner checked the soldier's condition, he was dead instantly with his eyeballs half-popped out.

"N-no. It wasn't me!"

He ran to Verdi.

"You saw it too! We were just playing around! Why did I catch the potato with my left hand? I'm right-handed!"

Of course, because he had been holding the short sword in his right hand.

"I don't know! I don't know anything!"

She really didn't know, but the reason she was screaming exaggeratedly was because of the guilt remaining in her subconscious.

"Verdi! What's wrong? Kyaaaaa!"

Her mother, who discovered the corpse fallen at the entrance, threw down her bundle and shrieked.

"You killed someone!"

"You idiot! That's not it! This was an accident! Why would I kill this guy!"

The partner, who had been strongly denying it, suddenly opened his eyes wide and pulled out the short sword stuck in the soldier's forehead.

"Th-that's right! You killed him! We'll say you killed him!"

When he held out the short sword, her mother backed away in terror.

"We'll say you killed him! I'll handle the aftermath! If this gets reported to headquarters, I'm finished!"

Since these were the words of someone threatening to kill her daughter, she could only shake her head repeatedly.

"Just listen to me!"

Frustrated, he took a big step forward and stepped on the fallen soldier's palm.

The squishy sensation that seemed to tear through the sole of his military boot made the partner's heart sink.

"Ugh!"

As his supporting foot lifted again and he was about to fall forward, some insight penetrated him.

'I absolutely won't die!'

He had realized something from instinct, not reason.

"Hgh!"

But the moment he saw the soldier's rolled-down eye, his body stiffened again and he twisted his ankle.

'I didn't kill him!'

He twisted his body to the side, but his limbs were already stiff and his whole body fell to the floor while floating.

"Gack!"

Falling in a bent-arm position, the short sword was deeply embedded in his nape.

"Grk. Grrrrk..."

At the sight of him glaring with blood bubbling from his throat, her mother clutched her head and wailed.

"Ahhhhh! Ahhhhh!"

...This is <Law Kill>.

A crime expert with exceptional insight might notice the unnatural posture of the corpses, but ultimately no evidence remains.

"Why is this happening to us? What should we do now..."

The situation was too absurd to call a coincidence, so panicking was natural.

"I killed them..."

But strangely, with the threatening presence gone, Verdi's mind was rather calm.

"What are you saying, child? These people died in an accident."

"No, Mom. To be precise..."

Verdi approached the partner's corpse with a dazed expression and snatched the short sword from his hand.

"You, you..."

Verdi looked back at her mother with trembling lips curled up.

"This sword granted my wish."

"Are you crazy? This is exactly when you need to stay sane!"

"Think about it. With this short sword, we can live happily too! No one will be able to bother us!"

There was no need to know the fact that it was an S-grade object belonging to the highest tier of weaponry.

"I'll get rid of them all. I'll punish everyone who tormented our family! No, I'll get rid of Igor!"

"Are you really crazy?"

Her mother got angry, but Verdi was already enchanted by the magic power of <Law Kill>.

"Sword, you can do it, right? You'll protect us to the end, right? Our family from this hellish place..."

A man's voice was heard from outside the door.

"No. That's far enough."

Creak, the door that was definitely locked opened far too naturally, and someone in a robe entered.

"Wh-who are you?"

She was briefly relieved that it wasn't a military uniform, but her heart pounded at how composed he remained even after seeing two corpses.

'Dead. Fatal wounds with no chance of recovery.'

Shirone, having reached a definitive conclusion, removed his robe and walked toward Verdi.

"I came for the short sword. Won't you hand it over to me? It's not something you should have."

Verdi's eyes became fierce.

"Who are you to ask for this? You don't seem to be from around here either. Get out quickly before I report you!"

Except for the port city of Dormica, foreigners couldn't enter any region of North Emond.

"Two people have already died. It's better to hand it over to me before more casualties occur."

"They deserved to die! They did that to my mother... and to me...!"

Tears welled up in Verdi's eyes.

"I absolutely can't give it to you! Without this, we'll have to live in hell again! No, I won't give it!"

"That short sword's name is <Law Kill>."

Just knowing the name made her feel like it was being taken away.

"It's hard to explain to you, but it's similar to magic. It twists causality to induce murder. It's a vicious weapon that has killed countless people since ancient times."

"Vicious..."

"There's a world of difference between just thinking about killing someone and actually killing them. But with <Law Kill>, there's no difference."

Verdi hurriedly hid the short sword.

"I don't care if it's vicious. This sword saved my mother. No one protected our family!"

Shirone nodded.

"I know you did your best. <Law Kill> only activates when you're truly desperate. You wanted to protect your family, right?"

"Sob. Sob."

Verdi cried.

"I never really intended to kill them. I really... I just wanted to protect my mother..."

"Yes. But <Law Kill> isn't as kind as you are. So let's stop here. If something like this happens again next time, then it won't be the sword but you who did it."

Shirone stroked Verdi.

"You can't protect your family with anger. If you rely on such vicious things, you'll lose what's truly important."

Verdi shed tears with a terrified face.

"Wahhh! Mom! Mommy!"

"..."

Shirone lifted the child's wrist, grasped the blade of the short sword, and carefully retrieved <Law Kill>.