Missing Link (1)

Omega Year 666.

Due to Ange-Ra's purification, two Gaians boarded the ark and left heaven.

With Terapos's help, those who arrived at a distant planet were named Adam and Lilith.

"This is our land."

The atmospheric environment was similar to heaven, and the scale of the ecosystem was equally impressive.

"Let's call it Eden."

Unlike the satisfied Adam, Lilith was worried.

"Ultima's power has weakened. Can we really pioneer a new life here?"

"It's okay. We're a race that fought against God. You and I will be happy here forever."

As time passed, the ancient city of Eden prospered enough to be called humanity.

16.8 billion Gaians.

The reason the population could explode was because their lifespans were incredibly long.

Adam, returning from farm work, kissed Lilith as she embraced him.

Their love transcending time must have been the reason they were chosen as passengers of the ark.

"Another peaceful day."

Looking down at the cityscape of Eden, Lilith smiled contentedly.

"There's nothing more enjoyable than watching the children live happily."

Lilith felt like she had everything.

'They're all my children.'

If any parent had 16.8 billion children, they would understand Lilith's heart.

"Hm?"

At that moment, the sky suddenly opened and brilliant light illuminated the earth.

As all the Gaians in the city knelt, Adam shed tears of emotion.

"Ah, ahh."

"My dear Adam."

It was Guffin, who would later become the god with a heart.

He had decided to take the Gaians from this place to win the war of the gods.

Adam, having once fought in heaven, willingly complied, but Lilith did not.

"No! Absolutely not!"

To change Guffin's mind, she even abandoned Ultima, but ultimately the Gaians left Eden.

Left alone, she cried for three days and nights.

If any parent had lost 16.8 billion children, they would understand Lilith's heart.

Just as her tears were beginning to dry up, Lilith heard footsteps approaching her.

"Honey."

Adam was walking toward her.

"Why?"

"He sent me back to take care of you. He said this is the land where we must live..."

Lilith shot up and slapped Adam's cheek.

"Why did you send the children away! How did I raise those children, how did I cultivate this city!"

"You know too. We have to fight! Did you forget the pride of being Gaian just because you abandoned Ultima?"

"Of course I know. How dangerous heaven is, how strong God is! The children will all die!"

Adam was sad.

He knew what their current confrontation meant.

"You really did abandon Ultima."

Lilith spat venomously.

"No. You stole it. My opinion, the children, Ultima, and the pride of being Gaian too!"

Her once clear and pure expression began to twist into something cold and cruel.

"I'm sick of it."

Her inorganic hair, which had originally evolved in heaven's environment, snapped off at the midpoint.

"You! What are you doing!"

And the newly growing hair was organic fur, characteristic of creatures inhabiting Eden.

"Never again..."

Lilith said with narrowed eyes.

"Will I be robbed."

The reverse evolution created by hatred toward Gaians and obsession with species preservation.

She was the first Eve.

"She was beautiful."

Cain said this and continued with a smile.

"Though her temper was quite nasty."

As silence fell over the Hall of Evil, Iruki looked at Sirone and asked.

"How does Mitochondrial Eve define good and evil? What exactly did she do?"

Sirone said.

"Lilith abandoned Ultima and became Mitochondrial Eve. She continued to have children with Adam afterward, but those children were far from what Adam wanted."

Iruki examined Cain's face.

"...They weren't Gaians."

"Right. Their abilities weren't fully awakened yet. It was just a Gaian who had mastered the heart transforming their genetic abilities with desperate wishes. Naturally, their marriage fell apart. Daily conflicts arose, and sometimes they were antagonistic."

Cain's eyes deepened.

"Lilith hated Adam for treating her as a breeding tool. That hatred led to misandry, and she was quite cruel to her sons too. But the real problem was..."

Sirone paused for a moment.

"If two people, a man and woman, were stranded on a planet and they split up, what would happen?"

Immense loneliness.

Sirone asked again.

"Who... should they love?"

"Ahhhhh!"

Lilith engaged in bestiality.

Having abandoned Gaia's commandments, she made love with countless species on this planet.

The witch of lust.

Adam, who criticized his wife this way, eventually couldn't bear it and left home.

Lilith didn't care.

'I want to love. I want to be loved.'

The more she indulged in pleasure, the emptier her heart became, and the more empty it became, the more she sought pleasure—a vicious cycle.

But even such a witch of lust had one commandment she never broke.

"Mother."

Leaving her house after a long time, she gazed indifferently at her children working hard.

"What brings you here?"

Having felt no human warmth for over 100 years, she was withering from lack of love.

In that state, seeing her robust son Abel made her gulp.

'Hah.'

Her body heated up, and she felt dizzy with the desire to pounce on him right away.

'No.'

Lilith desperately held back.

Perhaps it was the last pride she wanted to maintain as a fallen Gaian.

'Beasts are fine. But not my children. If I ever set foot there even once...'

She could never return.

The moment that one taboo was broken, desire would pass through generations and lead everything to destruction.

Lost in thought, Lilith saw her daughter Lulluwa kissing Abel.

'...Is that so?'

It wasn't strange.

When they first arrived on this planet, all Gaians were Adam and Lilith's children anyway.

'Yes, it can't be helped. But Lulluwa was close to Cain since childhood.'

Turning her gaze, she saw Cain standing there with a sad expression, watching his younger brother.

'It can't be helped.'

Lilith thought Cain should give up.

'Lulluwa should be paired with Abel. It's proper to be united with someone you love.'

No matter how fallen, she still retained Gaian rationality.

But unlike her, who had once mastered the heart, Cain cried every night.

"Why?"

Cain asked himself.

"Why is Abel okay but not me!"

He wanted to love.

He just wanted to start a family with his beloved sister and live happily forever.

"I liked her first! I liked her before Abel did!"

Why wasn't there two Lulluwas?

The law of this world, where he had to become unhappy for Abel to be happy, was terrible.

"Oh God."

Cain appealed to the world.

"Why Abel? What did I do wrong! Why! Why must I be unhappy!"

God was... indifferent.

"Damn it!"

If only Abel weren't here...

'If he had never been born, if that guy didn't exist in this world!'

Would Lulluwa have loved him?

At that moment, Cain had a brilliant idea.

'What if Abel wasn't here?'

His heart began to pound as if it would burst, just like when he first felt love for Lulluwa.

Since they were born until now, no one had ever died.

At the same time, Lilith reflected her naked body in a mirror in a foul-smelling room.

"Am I becoming a beast?"

The more she indulged in pleasure, the more her body became dense and stimulating.

Reverse evolution was still progressing.

"Would Abel..."

like this body?

'Lucky you, Lulluwa.'

To receive the love of two strong men, Cain and Abel.

'If I were my daughter...'

Lilith, who had momentarily imagined something dizzying, spat curses and turned away coldly.

'No.'

It should end with her.

Biological instincts are passed to future generations, not reversed to go back.

'Should I die?'

She should have done that, Uorin thinks even now, recalling those times.

If she had known she would have to endure eternal ages.

One day.

The sky was so clear and vast that thunder seemed to split the world.

It was a night of torrential rain.

While Eden's brothers were resting in their respective homes, one man walked through the rain.

Cain was anxious.

'Is this really okay?'

He had left home as if possessed, knowing he could still turn back.

'Kill... Abel?'

His heart was convulsing with anticipation of the unknown future ahead.

'No. It's impossible to kill Abel. Why should I? He's not food.'

It was an era when no one had died, so the concept of murder didn't even exist.

'It's the same as hunting anyway.'

In fact, Lilith's children had killed countless plants and animals to sustain themselves.

Therefore, if killing Abel was a sin, then living itself would be a sin.

That would be the original sin humanity would bear.

'I'll be sad without Abel. That guy is reliable and strong. The brothers won't feel good either.'

Cain hesitated.

But the moment his heart leaned toward giving up Lulluwa, his grip on the dagger tightened.

'I can't!'

He wanted to be happy with the woman he loved, and he hated the thought of that woman being happy with his brother.

'Right, Abel will just disappear. Countless lives are disappearing even now.'

The moment he saw his brother's house in the distance through the darkness, Cain felt tremendous cold.

"Heuuuu."

He wanted to scream.

'Why do I feel so strange? If I want to love Lulluwa, I have no choice. The world didn't make two of her. If the situation were reversed, would Abel...'

Would he have tried to kill him?

Cain hastily dismissed the thought and stopped in front of his brother's door.

"A-Abel."

Thunder rumbled across the sky.

Just as his heart was about to waver, Cain clenched his fist and knocked repeatedly on the door.

Bang bang bang! Bang bang bang!

Having driven himself to a point of no return, all that remained for him was fate's judgment.

'Don't come out, Abel.'

Maybe he hadn't heard.

'Never come out. It was just thunder. Just fall into deep sleep as usual.'

"Ugh, what's this? In this weather."

And fate.

"Who is it? Huh? Brother, what brings you here suddenly?"

Opened the door for Cain.