[777] Chain Reaction (3)

Upon arriving at Zion, Miro convened a meeting between monks representing each sect.

With Buddha absent, this was the perfect opportunity to attack evil, and matters needed to be handled swiftly and strategically.

Since this was the first step of an endless war, it took considerable time.

Meanwhile, Gaold's group received explanations about Zion and reunited with Armin and Kuan.

"Is that fellow Gaold?"

The monks' attention was entirely focused on Gaold.

'The human who defeated Buddha.'

Though they would hear from Miro anyway, the young acolytes couldn't contain their curiosity.

With pure hearts, their dharmic power was strong, but they were still learning in terms of enlightenment.

"What exactly is this enlightenment higher than Buddha's?"

At first, Gaold pretended not to hear them, but as their numbers continued to grow, he finally stopped walking.

'Here he goes!'

It became so quiet that not even breathing could be heard.

"Sit on the toilet and strain your stomach with all your might."

As Gaold's voice rang out, the monks listened intently as if they wouldn't miss a single word.

"What comes out from there is enlightenment."

As Gaold coldly turned and walked away, the acolytes tilted their heads and shared their thoughts.

"This is quite a difficult koan."

A bald child cupped his chin and muttered.

"Hmm, sit on the toilet and strain your stomach with all your might. What comes out from there is enlightenment..."

He suddenly lifted his head and blurted out:

"Poop?"

Enlightenment is poop.

"Perhaps this is what he means? Regard enlightenment as lowly as excrement. In other words, don't be attached to it."

Since it was a teaching from the one who defeated Buddha, they tried to interpret it positively somehow.

"I see. Release the enlightenment in your heart like excrement, then you will gain true enlightenment."

The children were amazed.

"Oh, your insight is excellent. Indeed... must one abandon Buddha to accept Buddha?"

As the acolytes from each sect murmured, Kang Nan, who had been lost in thought, asked Gaold:

"What was your intention with that story?"

Gaold replied as if annoyed:

"What else? Go take a dump."

"Ahahaha!"

Kang Nan's laughter decorated the cold sky.

"Huh? Why is she acting like that?"

As the acolytes all turned to look at Kang Nan, Liria, one of Zion's senior members, approached.

"Gaold was just playing a prank."

She was a totemist from the Arcanis Order who had sealed Optrus with Dante at an ancient temple site.

"A prank? You mean he lied?"

As the monks looked at Gaold with disgruntled expressions, Liria smiled with her eyes and said:

"That's not important. What's really important is that you all gained enlightenment from Gaold's words."

"..."

"Enlightenment isn't grand or fancy. It's finally seeing something that was already there."

To a newborn child, breathing is a great enlightenment.

"Since Gaold already knows this, it doesn't matter whether he speaks lies or truth."

In the end, all paths lead to one.

"Enlightenment is poop..."

As the monks looked at Gaold with reverent eyes, Liria excused herself.

'He'll be a great force for the world.'

With such thoughts, she entered the simple temple prepared in Zion, where Miro emerged after finishing the meeting.

"Thank you for your hard work, Miro."

Miro politely returned the greeting.

"Yes. Where's Gaold?"

"He returned to his quarters a little while ago. He's quite a strong person. Evil's power will weaken even more now."

Miro let out a quiet sigh.

"Do you have some concern?"

"Well, actually..."

Thinking this wasn't the place to discuss it, Miro took Liria's hand and led her to a quiet spot.

Though Miro had no reason to reveal her inner thoughts to others, Gaold's matter was an exception.

'If it's Liria...'

Since most of the monks in Zion were close to being supremely good, there was nothing to worry about.

"I see."

After hearing their private circumstances, Liria nodded with a sympathetic expression.

"Do you feel guilty?"

"I don't know. This matter is too complicated. I need Gaold's help, but I don't think this is right."

"Of course not."

Liria was firm.

"The reason good differs from evil is because it's not cowardly. I think you need to tell him, Miro."

The darkness lifted from Miro's face.

"Of course, it's easy for me to say as a third party..."

"No, I need to go see Gaold right now."

Liria smiled and shrugged her shoulders.

"Have a good time."

No matter how much one fights for the world, how can one be human without love?

"Thank you, Liria."

After Miro left and the table became quiet, she crossed her legs and cupped her chin.

"Sigh, I want to date too."

Having spent her whole life chasing evil without ever properly meeting a man, Dante's face came to mind.

'He's probably forgotten me already. I wonder if he's living well?'

"Right, I'm going. Straight ahead."

Though there was nothing more to think about since she'd already decided, Miro's heart pounded as she walked toward Gaold's quarters.

"I can't stand being frustrated like this."

She would open her heart completely and let him decide whether to choose her or the world.

'And if he chooses me...'

Miro's face flushed as her steps stopped abruptly.

'But what if I'm really weird?'

While sharing love could be done according to feelings, honestly expressing it was a first for her.

The more she ran various simulations, the more irritated Miro became, and she began walking energetically again.

'Whatever! I'll just turn off the lights!'

Finally arriving at Gaold's quarters, she saw Kang Nan, Zulu, Armin, and Sein gathered in front.

"Huh? What's going on?"

"Miro."

Armin scratched his head with a troubled expression.

"Why are you all gathered here? Where's Gaold?"

Sein said:

"He says he's leaving now. He's packing."

Miro's eyes widened.

"At this hour? Where is he going?"

"The battlefield."

Before Miro could present any options, Gaold had already made his decision.

"It's because of you."

Kang Nan said with wide eyes.

"You didn't say a single warm word to him all the way here. How can you be so selfish? Is that the goodness you speak of?"

Good is good, and love is love.

"Who dates someone out of compassion? I'm following my emotions too. Besides, if I don't choose Gaold, wouldn't that be much better for you?"

"Ugh!"

As Kang Nan bit her lip unable to retort, Miro closed her eyes and regretted her slip of tongue.

'This is why I hate emotions.'

Unlike beliefs, they make everything unknowable.

"Sorry. I know I'm being mean. But I've sorted out my thoughts now. Let me talk to him."

Miro grabbed the door handle and said:

"Everyone... could you please give us some space?"

That explanation was sufficient, and as Kang Nan turned with a sad expression, the others followed.

"Whew."

Miro calmed herself and opened the door to see Gaold packing his bag.

"What, no knock?"

"Hmph, I don't care what you were doing!"

Gaold finished organizing his bag and placed it on the bed.

"Don't try so hard. You have things to do. Just do them without thinking about anything else."

Miro closed the door with her back and asked:

"What about you?"

"..."

"You're going to keep fighting for me like that? While suffering terrible pain? What's left after that?"

"It's not your fault."

Gaold made eye contact for the first time.

"My pain, becoming like this - none of it is your fault. Abandon me from your heart. Then you can become perfect."

"That's why I'm asking! What happens to you?"

"I'm fine."

Gaold's gaze was warm.

"Unlike before when I couldn't do anything, now I can fight for you. I just need to eliminate the world's evil."

Miro couldn't suppress her emotions.

"...What if you die?"

She couldn't stop the tears from flowing.

"What if you die like that? If you suffer your whole life and then die, what is your life? Where does such a life exist?"

"I won't die."

Even his smile looked painful.

"Until you smile happily, until you look at me, I absolutely won't die."

Miro sat on the bed and gently cupped Gaold's hair with both hands.

'Right, that's correct.'

That's the kind of person Gaold was.

'A believer of Yore.'

Just an innocent young man who knew nothing of the world, who simply wished for everyone's hearts to be filled with love.

'I should have known.'

But only that talentless young man endured the hell of extreme heat and confessed to Miro.

'I should have known at least then.'

On the day she bid farewell to the world, when his limbs were being torn apart but he called Miro's name until the end, she should have known.

'How stupid am I?'

Why did she think this man was a fool?

After fighting for 20 years in terrible pain, he was the one who saved her from heaven.

'Killing gods...'

And killing again.

'And killing more!'

He who even defeated Buddha now says he'll kill all the world's evil for the woman he loves.

"Because that's exactly who you are."

Miro embraced Gaold's face with both arms and shouted through tears:

"Because you're the strongest person in this world!"

Therefore.

"Until this war ends, I will..."

Miro looked up at the ceiling and said:

"I absolutely will not love you. I'll completely erase your existence from my heart."

From within Miro's embrace, Gaold said:

"...Okay."

"But I promise."

Miro sat and caressed Gaold's cheek.

"If I can't love you, I won't love anyone else either. No one else will have my heart."

Therefore.

"It's fine to meet other people. A woman like me - if you want to give up, give up anytime. If you can be happy even for a moment, don't hesitate and grab that happiness. Promise me!"

"...Okay."

If you can erase me with that.

"Gaold. Gaold..."

Miro, who had been pitifully stroking the closed-eyed Gaold, wiped her tears and rushed out of the room.

Only after hearing the door slam shut did Gaold slowly lift his eyelids.

For a moment, sad emotions surged as if they would explode, but soon they cooled like a dud.

"I just need to end the war."

Only for her.

Having input this simple purpose, Gaold rose mechanically and shouldered his bag.

Dawn had arrived, and as he went outside, frigid air that seemed to freeze his breath entered his nostrils.

"..."

Under the lights in the middle of the glacier, Zulu and Kang Nan waited, ready to depart.

Gaold approached them and said:

"From now on, this is my fight."

Kang Nan bit her lip.

"When wasn't it? You're so hateful..."

Little duckling.

Gaold smiled and patted Kang Nan's shoulder, then approached Zulu who had Kaydra on standby.

"Where is the most intense fighting?"

Zulu answered what she'd heard:

"The south."

Not that the demon forces were particularly strong there, but humanity's power was relatively weak in that region.

"I see."

Gaold turned back and said:

"Let's go, you mutt."

Kang Nan, emanating the fighting spirit of a Lammu warrior, raised the corners of her mouth and strode forward.

"You're certainly straightforward."

No matter who loved whom, she was the only one who could cross the river of death with Gaold.