The Obstacle Called Humanity (2)

Karma Management Corporation.

As Parmakwangcheonseong's energy exploded, the other world's system was completely destroyed.

Explosions erupted throughout the headquarters, but this was merely a preview of the catastrophe to come.

In the Karma Management Department where the ceiling was collapsing, Riona finally turned her gaze away from the vision.

The final moments of Shagal and Etela seemed to tell what karma meant to humans.

Krrrrrrrr!

The building shook violently.

Soon the barrier between reality and the other side would collapse, turning most things to ash...

"Haah, finally time to clock out."

Riona was in a pretty good mood.

As countless informators prepared to leave work, Vivian offered her tea.

"Here, drink this."

"Oh my, what's the occasion? Getting something like this from you. Hell must be ending."

"Haha."

Vivian laughed at Riona's joke and sipped her tea before asking.

"How many demons do you think will survive?"

"Well. At least over a hundred million, don't you think? Demons are persistent and numerous. But the only certainty that they won't go extinct is..."

Riona looked toward the window.

"As long as humans live, they'll never disappear."

"...Right."

Vivian extended her hand.

"It's been fun. This is goodbye forever. I hope you have a good journey."

They had been fierce rivals, but now that it came to this, everything felt like memories.

"You too."

BOOOOOOM!

Just as the two informators shook hands, an explosion occurred in the Karma Management Department.

The corporation's building melted like molten metal.

And so hell was destroyed.

Centered on the point where Parmakwangcheonseong exploded, massive waves of fire began to spread.

"AAAAAH! RUN!"

Though it looked slow, the demons right in front couldn't even think of escaping and were swept away.

"Over there! Get out through there!"

Holes opened in the boundary of the dimension, and reality began to overlap with the scenery locally.

"KYAAAAH!"

The people in reality were just as shocked.

In the apocalyptic atmosphere, a family staying home turned pale at the hellscape unfolding before their eyes.

"Hiik! Wh-what is that?!"

"What do you think it is!"

Demons charged with claws extended.

"It's the world in your hearts! Kekekeke!"

The family was massacred, and the demon that broke through the wall and came outside wore an ecstatic expression.

"UWAAAH! Someone save us!"

Even the security forces couldn't respond as all the city's residents poured into the streets.

"Hiya."

The demon flicked its tongue.

"Nice place, isn't it?"

Rrrrrumble. Rrrrrumble.

At the Karma Management Corporation's System Control Branch, Son Yoo-jung's group looked beyond the horizon.

Son Yoo-jung muttered.

"Is this the end?"

In the scene of the world burning like oil paper set aflame, demons turned to ash.

Mortasinger said.

"The other world's system must have been destroyed. It's probably an initialization process. This place will disappear soon too."

When there was no response, she pointed to the scenery beyond the dimension.

"Go back to reality. Help the people there. You can definitely do that."

"What about you?"

Mortasinger shook her head.

"There's no place for me in reality. Even though I made the wrong choice, honestly speaking, I at least achieved something called a dream here. So... I can't go back."

Is only the place where one's heart resides real?

Though her friend's choice hurt, no words could persuade her.

"I'll stay too."

When Richera, held in Mortasinger's hands, spoke, Son Yoo-jung furrowed one eyebrow.

"Tch! I know. If I go to reality with just a face left, I'll die. This worked out better. I thought I'd live my whole life like this without being able to purify. I'm grateful to you all."

Krrrrrrrr!

During their brief conversation, the cloud of fire had already approached more than halfway.

It was time for farewell.

"Richera."

Son Yoo-jung said.

"You're being purified without fulfilling your karma. When you're reborn in your next life, become a good person who helps others."

"Keke, nonsense."

Looking back on life now, that was how it was.

"You don't know how I grew up and how I lived, do you? If I were given the exact same life again, I wouldn't change. I'd kill people in my next life too."

"Don't worry."

Richera smirked, lifting the corner of her mouth.

"I won't be reborn again. If I had a choice, I'd wish there was no next life."

No words could be said.

"Go."

Richera, who hated things getting awkward, said.

"Fight to your heart's content like a thundering naked fool, pretty monkey."

Perhaps she had grown attached - Son Yoo-jung's throat tightened as she withdrew, leaving them behind.

"Take care."

Mortasinger nodded, and Son Yoo-jung turned and escaped beyond the dimension.

And when she looked back again, the smiling faces of Mortasinger and Richera...

KWAAAAAAAH!

Disappeared into the flames.

Rian exhaled deeply.

"Hoooooo!"

The Valley of Wailing had dried up again, and the surviving demons had lost their will to fight.

"Our world..."

Despite their hideous appearance, the demons knelt with empty expressions.

"Is disappearing?"

"No."

Lethe approached them.

"It's integration. We might split apart again someday, but we must join hands with humans to oppose God. Otherwise, the universe will close."

The demons remained silent.

Emotion.

Though they understood with their heads, the anger in their hearts was saying this:

'We'd rather die together.'

As the administrator, Lethe couldn't not know this.

'It will be a difficult fight, Yahweh. Even if I follow you, the demons have Satan.'

The being that demons love to the extreme - as long as Havitz doesn't die, they won't waver.

A demon said.

"We will fight. Integration? Only humans fear death. If Yahweh can despair, we'll do anything."

Through the dimensional holes created in the Valley of Wailing, demons began entering reality.

Even Lethe couldn't stop that.

"Phew."

As she sighed.

"Lethe."

"You scared me."

At Shirone's voice, her shoulders jumped, and after hesitating briefly, she turned around.

As the other world initialized, the evil that Shirone had embraced was also purified.

Lethe said.

"You look better now. That's what you get for doing things you can't handle. Did you think evil was easy?"

"What about you?"

Shirone smiled.

"You decided to fight for humans."

"Don't misunderstand."

Lethe's expression, which had been timid until now, changed.

"It's for the other world, after all. I can't just watch hell disappear like this."

"...Right."

Hell's administrator chose demons over God.

"It's fine. Now I've embraced evil too. I'll handle the rest myself."

"Hmm."

Lethe lifted her chin.

"You seem quite confident. You know, right? The current you can't kill demons."

In other words, that level.

As Shirone just smiled without saying anything, Lethe also dropped her pretense.

"Tch, fine. You can use tachyons. Now you're on par with God, so I can't do anything about you either. Well, since you've accessed the outer world, there's nothing left to hide."

Regarding the administrator's words, Shirone asked.

"Was it really all lies?"

Though she knew what he wanted to say, Lethe just waited for the next words.

"Taeseong too, Mr. Luber too - did you deceive us from the beginning? Was there no affection for humans?"

"We're just programs. We only act according to manuals that respond to specific situations. It might look like hearts to you, but I'm really no different."

Just with added quantum parameters.

"But Taeseong, to me..."

"Ah, I don't know!"

Lethe shook her head.

"Even bound to the core called God, each has their own sector. Plus, each has powerful authority, so if you carelessly intrude, conflicts arise between systems. That's why they keep their responses off too."

"I see..."

As Shirone was lost in thought, Rian approached supporting Jin Seong-eum.

"Thank you for saving me."

Though it was a brief greeting, Seong-eum's voice trembled.

'I never imagined.'

That she'd see Shirone again.

"What are you talking about? I should be thanking you instead. If it weren't for you, the world would have already ended."

Lethe, feeling the hot wind blowing from far away, said.

"There's no time for long conversations. Just tell me what you plan to do. This place will turn to ash soon too."

Shirone looked at Rian.

"I'm going to end the simultaneous event. Ymir will be resurrected soon. Depending on how that guy moves, the situation could flip. Rian, please come to Delta headquarters with Seong-eum. Using ether waves, it'll be instantaneous. Can you do it?"

Seong-eum nodded.

"That's no problem at all. But before taking Rian, there's a place I need to stop by briefly."

Jingang.

Since she probably didn't know about her father's condition yet, Shirone immediately agreed.

"Right. Go quickly."

Though she couldn't bring herself to reveal it, Seong-eum seemed to sense it just from the urgent tone.

As the ether wave activated, the dimensional barrier crumpled and her figure disappeared.

"Then I'll disappear too. See you at the holy war."

As the simultaneous event was canceled and Shirone's body became blurry, Rian gave a thumbs up.

"Don't worry. I'll catch up soon."

Watching that figure for a moment, Shirone recalled the time spent in hell with Rian.

"Rian."

Though embarrassing, she really wanted to say it.

"I'm glad you were there."

As particles of light fluttered like petals, Rian chuckled and turned around.

"Rascal."

Arms crossed, Lethe asked.

"By the way, how are you going to get back?"

"Huh? Obviously..."

The tsunami of fire was rapidly approaching, burning up all of the Valley of Wailing.

"Oh crap...!"

The fire demon covered them and.

"CHAAAARGE!"

Rian's voice, advancing while burning the flames again, decorated hell's finale.

Jingang's eyes, lying on the floor, were completely empty.

"Heoeoeo."

His corpse-pale face meant there was no more blood left to spill.

"Your Imperial Majesty."

Anchal approached and supported Jingang's upper body.

"Did hell... feel my anger?"

"It surely did."

"My daughter..."

Jingang breathed in repeatedly before exhaling.

"Has she returned?"

Even Anchal didn't know that much.

However, if she was truly alive, he hoped she would be present in Jingang's remaining life of less than a minute.

"Your Majesty, surely the princess..."

"It's fine."

It was time to wrap things up.

"If my daughter is alive, that's good. However, even if she's not alive..."

The corner of his mouth curved up broadly.

"I will go rescue her."

As tears flowed silently down Anchal's cheek.

"Father."

A beautiful voice was heard like a hallucination.

"Prin..."

Anchal's one eye widened greatly, and all the retainers bowed so deeply their knees might break.

"We greet the Princess!"

Toward Jingang, who remained frozen in surprise, Seong-eum walked gracefully and sat down.

"Father."

"Ah, aah..."

Only after feeling warmth from his daughter's hand did Jingang accept it as reality.

"I have returned, Father."

"Yes. Yes."

His head nodded repeatedly.

But the emotion was brief - remembering his imperial duties, he corrected his expression and said.

"Anchal."

"Command me."

"From now on, Jin Seong-eum shall be Jincheon's emperor."

Long live! Long live! Long live!

"My daughter, help Shirone. Jincheon's emperor must never betray their word."

Seong-eum bowed her head reverently.

"I shall obey Your Majesty's command."

"Hoho."

And when she raised her head again.

Jingang was looking at the ceiling, smiling peacefully.

"Heuuk."

Seong-eum burst into the tears she had been holding back.

"Father! Father!"

Jingang, Emperor of Jincheon who had dominated an era.

Death.