[564] Scramble Royale (5)

Nade's expression relaxed only after the coalition team left.

"Phew, so it's come to this. Sorry. I went ahead and accepted."

Iruki didn't mind.

"We would've had to face this eventually anyway. We also have reasons why we can't give up Estas. But what about personnel? Do you have anyone in mind?"

Shirone and Nade spoke simultaneously.

"Amy."

Iruki nodded.

"Right. Actually, I had the same thought when I made that condition. But the problem is Amy's already ranked 5th. We'll need to appeal to her emotions too."

"I'll ask her."

If it was Shirone asking, it wasn't completely hopeless.

"Good, Shirone will handle Amy. What about the remaining two?"

Silence fell.

"Really no one you've thought of?"

Nade rested his chin on his hand.

"Hmm, there are plenty of candidates. Canis's team, Dante's team, and Boyle would be decent too. Summoning magic could counter Fisho."

Iruki shook his head.

"We'll have to recruit from outside, but this is shady business that's better kept quiet. We should only approach people we're confident will see our chances of winning. In that sense, Canis is risky. He's got it out for Shirone."

Shirone said, "Boyle doesn't really have any particular merit compared to other candidates either. Dante will probably move as a team."

Nade looked dejected.

"Then who do we get?"

"In that regard, how about Dorothy?"

Shirone looked back at Iruki.

"Dorothy?"

Sensing something, Nade's eyes flashed as he shouted, "You bastard! I knew it! Come clean! How far did you two go?"

"We didn't go anywhere. Do you know why I've been friendly with Dorothy when I have no interest in her?"

Nade blinked.

"Huh? You weren't interested?"

"I told you, things I can't analyze aren't my type."

"Then why were you being friendly?"

"On the first day of senior year scheduling, Dorothy was paired for personal combat with Shirone. Remember what she said then? That if he agreed to a draw, she'd do whatever Shirone wanted."

"Ah."

Iruki raised a finger.

"She's the type who's obsessed with rankings and uses conditions and bargains. Plus, if it's a zoner, there are many advantages in Scramble Royale."

Nade finally understood.

"Alright, so Iruki will try to win over Dorothy... What about the last person?"

Iruki asked, "How about Sabina?"

Skill was important, but emotional compatibility was also crucial for forming a team.

In that sense, Sabina was an excellent choice.

"Absolutely not."

Nade shook his head firmly.

Victor Sabina, the sole girl in Dante's group.

She was a master of air magic who could unleash dozens of air cuts per second, and her skills were proven since she had defeated Nade in the Thousand Number Battle.

"Don't just say no, think about it. She seems to care about you more than you realize. I'm going to persuade Dorothy too, and Shirone has to make a difficult request as well."

"No! No! Absolutely not!"

As Nade flailed his limbs in protest, Shirone sighed and said, "Then what are you going to do? This isn't about whether we can or can't. Why are you being so unlike yourself?"

Nade rubbed his hands together frantically, looking disgusted.

"Still no! Just give me one chance. I'll somehow find an ally within the time limit. Sabina is really out of the question!"

When someone was that adamantly opposed, there was no point in forcing it.

"Fine. Then Nade will find an ally within the deadline, and Iruki and I will persuade Amy and Dorothy."

That settled it for now.

That night, Shirone went to Amy's room.

Considering Amy's abilities, there could be no Plan B - he absolutely had to recruit her.

'No one's following me.'

Since the enemies had already declared war, it wouldn't matter even if they were being tailed.

When he knocked on the door, Amy's voice came from inside.

"Who is it?"

"It's me, Shirone."

Amy opened the door and tilted her head curiously.

She had just bathed and was wearing pajamas, with moisture still in her hair.

"Shirone? What brings you here so suddenly?"

Though she wasn't the type to dress up, just being in casual clothes gave her a completely different atmosphere from what he'd seen during the day.

When Shirone looked at her with sparkling eyes, Amy blushed shyly and asked, "Why are you staring like that? You saw me earlier too."

Despite her gruff tone, her expression showed she didn't dislike it.

"No, I was just thinking that you look good in pajamas too."

"Pfft."

Amy snorted as if she'd heard everything.

"You're not buttering me up for free, so what did you come here for?"

"Actually... there's something I wanted to ask you."

"Hehe, I figured as much. What is it?"

Since Amy's voice still carried that sweet undertone, Shirone gained courage and smiled brightly, "This time, the Supernatural Psychic Science..."

Slam!

The door closed.

The day for the final negotiations of Scramble Royale was this weekend's holiday.

Shirone's group had to find allies by then, so they decided to use their only break time - lunch.

Among the potential allies, Amy was undoubtedly the key person, so Shirone persistently followed her around.

However, changing the mind of someone whose stubbornness was no less than Shirone's own was no easy task.

"Amy, this is really important. You know what kind of place the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society is."

"..."

"It's a research society that Ms. Miro created. If the history of that research society ends with our generation..."

"Ugh, seriously!"

Unable to bear it any longer, Amy burst out, "What do I care? Whether the research society falls apart or gets turned upside down! And you, are you really not going to graduate? Is this why you refused the evaluation?"

"No, I do need to graduate..."

Looking at Shirone hanging his head dejectedly, Amy twisted her lips.

'Geez, this innocent kid must be really desperate...'

For Shirone, who hated inconveniencing others, to be this persistent meant he was truly desperate.

And she didn't entirely dislike being the target of his desperation.

'But still, no. A whole week...'

The risk was too great to agree based on emotions alone.

Even though graduation ranking was offered as compensation, it wasn't much of a merit for Amy, who was already ranked 5th.

Most of all, she was concerned about not being able to focus entirely on evaluations during the Scramble Royale period.

Of course, she'd been asked to participate only when she had time, but she didn't want to become a burden with such half-hearted commitment.

'If I'm going to do it, I should do it properly.'

With the resolve to even give up graduation.

But when she considered whether this incident was serious enough for that, she still had doubts.

"Fine. I'll think about it. So please cheer up. You're making me lose my appetite."

Shirone's face finally brightened.

"Thanks, Amy."

Listening to their conversation, Nade thought, 'It won't be easy for Shirone either.'

Then he looked at Iruki eating in front of him and asked, "How about you? Is things going well with Dorothy?"

"Yeah. We're going to talk in detail later."

"Oh ho, she's showing interest?"

"Are you stupid? Would I bring up the main topic first? I just told her it was about graduation rankings, so she has no choice but to come."

"Pretty cautious. But how do you even think of such things? You said you weren't interested in female psychology."

"Because I'm not interested, I can view it objectively. You know what men who can't date have in common? They want to date too much. Women are full of all kinds of emotions and are naturally gifted at handling men's emotions. The moment you lose your objectivity, you just get devoured."

"Tch, what a smooth talker."

Nade became even more anxious.

Anyway, Amy was gradually showing interest, and Iruki seemed likely to succeed for some reason.

'This is bad. I need to at least scout candidates by today.'

Though being friendly with everyone was his weapon, having few people he shared deep connections with was now working against him.

'Screamer? He's rough but loyal. No, he's not suited for Scramble Royale. Ruman can't be trusted.'

While he was lost in thought, he saw Suabi standing in front of Dante, stamping her feet.

'Huh? What's going on?'

Suabi, a utility major.

Though she had decision paralysis and an indecisive personality, she was a talent in the utility field who could continuously rotate dozens of buff spells without rest.

Although she had been countered by Iruki's Cancellation, she was perfectly suitable as an ally for the current Scramble Royale.

"Guys, I'll be right back."

When he went to where Suabi was, he could see Sabina and Closer, who always hung around with Dante, standing there with bewildered expressions.

"So... you think you like me?"

At Dante's question, Suabi's face turned bright red.

"No, I mean... I'm not really sure. I think I like you, so I wanted to ask you."

Nade, who was eavesdropping from behind, clicked his tongue.

'This is seriously bad. Even liking someone is a decision disorder?'

Also, one more thing to add to Iruki's theory was that if you're handsome, you don't need to think complicated thoughts.

Dante seemed accustomed to this, as his attitude was natural.

"To summarize, you don't know if you like me or not, so you want me to tell you?"

Suabi nodded vigorously.

"Hmm, well. Even if you ask me that..."

"I'll tell you."

While everyone turned with surprised expressions, Nade entered the conversation like a judge, raising his hand.

"Suabi, you don't like Dante."

"I don't like him?"

"Of course not. You've barely even talked to each other before."

"But... my heart pounds."

"That's just you being momentarily dazzled by his looks. Wouldn't someone who approaches you first and can have conversations with you, despite your shyness, be much more wonderful?"

"Is, is that so?"

Nade brought up the main topic as if he'd been waiting for this.

"Right. Now do you see? Actually, you like me..."

"That's a relief. Unrequited love is really heartbreaking."

"..."

As Nade stood there dumbfounded like a borrowed barley sack, watching Suabi walk away, Dante said, "What are you doing right now?"

"Shut up! It's all ruined because of you! What am I supposed to do now?"

"Do about what? What did I do?"

Sabina slammed down her utensils with a bang.

"Hey, Nade. Come see me for a moment."

"No. Why should I see you?"

Sabina's eyes widened as she gritted her teeth.

"Come out when I tell you to."

The girl who always seemed to look away in fear whenever their eyes met was unusually forceful today.

When Nade went outside the cafeteria, Sabina, who was leaning against the wall, interrogated him.

"What have you been up to lately?"

Nade subtly avoided her gaze.

"Up to what? Stop butting in where you don't..."

"If you need help, tell me. I'll help you."

"There's nothing like that."

Irritation flashed in Sabina's eyes, but she soon sighed and walked past Nade.

"Accept help when it's offered. That's why you can't get a girlfriend."

"That girl...!"

Sabina entered the cafeteria without looking back, and only after calming himself for a long while did Nade return to his seat.

"What did you talk about with Sabina?"

"She said she'd help. But I refused."

Iruki looked toward where Sabina was.

"What don't you like about her? That she seems like a player? You're from the central region, so you don't know, but in the capital, there are many kids who dress up like that."

"Who said anything? Sabina's fine. I do have an eye for these things."

"Then what exactly is the problem?"

"Sigh, Sabina is..."

Nade let out a troubled sigh and swallowed his words.

'She's seen my real face.'