[546] The Great Straight Path (2)

The mucus had completely devoured the city.

The sight of viscous fluid everywhere writhing and flowing somewhere was dizzying just to watch.

"It's blocked! Turn back!"

In front of the mucus that filled an entire block, Miro's group turned around the corner.

Tentacles protruding from the mucus followed behind them like tickling their backs before being sucked back into the main body.

"Damn it! Do you plan to interfere until the very end!"

"Just bear with it a little longer. We'll get out soon."

By the time they escaped the city, dawn was already breaking.

The mucus was flowing endlessly toward somewhere in the desert, and at that point, Miro confirmed the operation.

"Shurah will probably try to stop me. But according to reports, there's one more executive from the Council of Ten. In that case, I won't be able to help you either."

If they could hold back two executives from the Council of Ten, it wouldn't be a losing deal.

"So let's scatter. Fermi and Marsha, take a detour and attack from the flanks. That should divide their attention."

Rian said.

"I'll use that opening to infiltrate the pyramid."

"Right. Destroy the law with Axing there. Then somehow you'll be able to reach Sirone."

Rian's Axing negates the law.

"Will I be able to do it?"

"A Yaksha's Axing acts directly on the body. That's why it's troublesome for Panya to deal with. It depends on how strong your will is."

'Will.'

Rian mulled over those words several times.

The mucus spread thickly beyond the horizon.

Abandoning energy circulation and extending only toward Sirone, its speed was faster than they had expected.

"The farthest distance from the mucus is to the north."

"I'll go."

Breaking away from the formation, Rian accelerated and raced across the desert.

Each time he rolled his feet with Axing activated, sand exploded like bombs going off.

"Well then, shall we begin too?"

Following Miro's instructions, Marsha and Fermi spread out to the left and right.

The strategy of simultaneously attacking the pyramid's slopes from both sides wasn't really feasible with just four people, but if they could just hold out, it would be considerable help to Rian.

"They're scattering as expected."

Standing at the pyramid's peak, Shurah opened her eyes and spoke.

Beside her stood Baknyo and King Kong, the leader of the underground people.

King Kong, a giant 3 meters tall with bushy fur, looked down at the roughly 300 subordinates circling around the pyramid.

"We can deploy at any time. Just give us the order."

Baknyo asked.

"Which way is Miro?"

"South. She's running straight here from the city."

Shurah gave instructions to the guardians.

"Defend the east and west. I'll handle Miro."

King Kong asked.

"Then what should our troops do?"

Shurah observed Rian taking a detour north along the horizon.

"Take care of the swordsman. He seems to be a decoy, but 300 should be enough."

"Uoooooo!"

As soon as the order was given, King Kong beat his chest and leaped down from the pyramid.

"It's war! Prepare!"

"Kiyaaaaaaaa!"

Hearing the monkeys' screams spreading across the desert, Baknyo turned to Shurah.

"What about me?"

"Guard Sirone. I'll probably have a bout with Miro first."

Bebeto, the priest of the northwestern settlement, used his coder ability to climb to the pyramid's peak.

"Lord Shurah, she's here."

Seeing Miro racing across the desert, a wicked gleam flickered in Shurah's eyes.

"Hehehe, it's been a long time."

"Shurah."

Aiming at the distant pyramid's peak with her gaze, Miro took a deep breath and prepared a strike instead of a greeting.

"Huuuuuu."

The avatar of Guanyin rose like flames from Miro's body.

At the peak of scale, the avatar's size dominated the sky, and everyone looked up with eyes filled with shock.

"Wh-what is that?"

Prajnaparamita.

Miro widened her eyes and pressed her palms together.

'Paradise Palm!'

In the extremely fragmented space-time, Guanyin's arms struck the pyramid from left and right, each carrying individual power.

"Kyahahahahaha!"

Simultaneously, a giant serpent avatar emerged from Shurah's body and wrapped around the pyramid.

Apostle Panya

Gestalt of Collapse.

Kwaaaaaaaang!

A shock that seemed to shake heaven and earth rocked the pyramid.

Each time Guanyin's twin palms struck the barrier countless times, codes flashed on the hemisphere's surface.

"As expected, it's not easy..."

The god of false doctrine that deceives the law was certainly Miro's natural enemy, having reached the extreme of truth.

"Kikiki! Your tomboy nature is still the same, Miro."

Looking down at Miro, Shurah's mouth split like a snake's, tearing along her cheek to her eyes.

"They're coming!"

Guardians poured down over the heads of Fermi and Marsha, who had detoured to the pyramid's east and west sides.

Mutant abilities varied greatly. And they had to face more than six opponents each alone.

'To repay the debt.'

Marsha drew out her dagger of unfilial conduct.

'For 190 billion gold.'

Fermi swallowed a chip from a depreciation transaction into his mouth.

Shortly after, magnificent magical explosions echoed from the pyramid's east and west sides.

"Damn it! Those guys over there are having fun fighting! Chief! When do we fight?"

When Taejang asked, King Kong, who had been standing with arms crossed, spoke in a solemn voice.

"Wait. Our king has promised eternal food. Once this is over, we'll never go hungry again."

"Food has appeared!"

From the second line surrounding the pyramid's north side, an underground person with binoculars shouted.

One swordsman was wavering, buried in the desert's heat haze.

"Sirone..."

Rian looked at Sirone climbing the pyramid's steps and slowly moved forward.

The mucus had completely dominated the surrounding area and was approaching Rian at a fast speed for viscous fluid, but there was no need to be hasty.

There was only one chance, and it was a mission that had to be accomplished even at the cost of his life.

'You really fought fiercely while I was gone. More than me...'

When he realized through Miro's words what kind of life Sirone had lived, the first thing that came to Rian's mind was regret.

'I... didn't have the power to protect you.'

Only someone who has actively contemplated death can understand another's resolve.

'Whether fighting or not fighting, death was always by your side. Even in that fear, you gritted your teeth and moved forward step by step.'

Three hundred underground people formed layers of defensive networks, and the mucus was also following Rian's shadow.

'Now I'll protect you.'

At that point, Rian's steps stopped.

Planting his great sword in the desert, he knelt on one knee before the sword and offered a knight's prayer.

'Establish the kingdom of faith in my heart.'

The mucus that had devoured his shadow curved around and attacked Rian from behind.

'Let unbreaking will and even stronger pride dwell in the sword.'

The viscous fluid split and flowed around Rian.

'The courage to choose what is right and.'

Splash!

The viscous fluid rose like a tsunami and struck Rian.

'Engrave the iron resolve that will not waver before that courage.'

Rian's position with Axing activated was already 5 meters away from the mucus.

'Always let me stand on the side of the weak.'

"Kiyaaaaa! Kill him! Kill him!"

The underground people's special unit charged at Rian, drawing curved trajectories in the desert.

"And let me not succumb to the logic of the strong!"

Rian split the underground person blocking his path in two. (1 kill)

"Lead the sword only with the spirit of chivalry!"

Then he twisted his waist and completely severed the waist of the underground person following beside him. (2 kill)

"Blast him!"

Bullets embedded in the desert, sending sand fragments flying.

As the mucus approached within arm's reach, Rian's steps quickened, and finally he began to run.

"Don't let him escape! Catch him here!"

When the special unit was annihilated, the combat unit began charging in earnest on jeeps and motorcycles.

The powerful impact of bullets struck Rian's hands holding the great sword with bone-crushing force.

But as always, <Idea> does not break.

"Iyaaaaa!"

The will to cut no matter what negated the law, and the great sword cut through the underground person along with the motorcycle. (3 kill)

"Go around to the right!"

Rian didn't mind the enemies' flanking maneuvers and only cut down those blocking his path (5 kill) as he advanced toward Sirone.

"Never let him pass!" (6 kill)

The next line's combat unit charged while firing rifles wildly, but Rian swung his sword as if cutting through scenery to open a path. (8 kill)

"Is, is that guy crazy?" (10 kill)

As he pushed forward without the slightest hesitation into the hail of bullets (13 kill), even the belligerent underground people couldn't help but be stunned.

The ground seemed to flow like rapids beneath Rian's feet as he ran with his sword trailing.

"Taha!"

He swung his great sword like a strike to cut down one person, (14 kill) then spun it wide to strike another in the opposite direction. (15 kill)

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Grenades exploded, flames engulfed Rian, and hundreds of bullets pierced into the fire cloud.

"Graaaah!"

From within the flames, Rian, his clothes burning, charged forward like a yaksha with his great sword straight ahead.

"Iyaaaaa!"

As Rian leaped into the center of the enemy formation and spun.

Kwaaaaang!

The blade that had consumed Deny swept away all enemies within range like a stubborn beast. (16-24 kill)

"Is this all you've got!"

At the point where the rotation ended, Rian transformed into linear movement and charged like a bullet.

Cut, (34 kill) cut, (38 kill) endlessly cut. (41 kill)

Being cut, (45 kill) being cut, (48 kill) endlessly being cut down. (51 kill)

'I run! (54 kill) I absolutely won't stop!' (55 kill)

Each time he swung his sword (58 kill), bullets embedded deep into Rian's body.

As they penetrated his shoulder and side, crushed his ankle and passed through, Smille's hallucination began to echo in his ears again.

"Damn it!" (61 kill)

He didn't know how long the vision would last, but that moment would be his death.

The distance to the pyramid was still far, (64 kill) and there were more living enemies than dead ones. (65 kill)

"You bastards! (67 kill) What the hell are you doing!" (68 kill)

Taejang personally drove out in a jeep.

Dozens were dying unable to catch one stupid human charging with just one conventional weapon, a great sword.

"Uoooooo!" (70 kill)

Rian cut down enemies with striking motions (73 kill) and charged at Taejang.

His two arms swinging the great sword ignored inertia, (75 kill) and the underground people's bones simply snapped like rotten branches. (79 kill)

Taejang, who had leaped into the air, aimed at Rian between his legs and fired his rifle.

"Hup!"

Embracing the terrible pain striking his entire body and even more terrible fear, Rian raised his sword toward Taejang.

'Got you.'

An underground person holding a sniper rifle outside Rian's field of vision pulled the trigger.

The bullet, flying faster than sound, precisely penetrated Rian's heart with a thud.

"Kuk!"

Along with the feeling of electricity coursing through his entire body, all his organs went into shock.

"Kahahaha! Foolish bastard!"

Rian, who had been trembling convulsively from the gunshot, suddenly flinched and then cut down the approaching giant body. (80 kill)

"H-how..."

As Rian, who should have been dead, was still moving vigorously, the underground people's faces turned pale.

"I am..."

Sirone's sword.

'Therefore, until I save my lord...'

Rian gripped his sword tightly and charged forward.

"I absolutely will not die!"

Axing

Deny (Death Negation).

"Uaaaah! (81 kill) Monster... kuk!" (82 kill)

The underground people let out screams boiling up from instinct.

Rian's appearance, charging with a tattered body while hearing Smille's hallucination, seemed like pushing death itself forward.

"A yaksha..." (84 kill)

From the pyramid's peak, Baknyo looked back at Rian to the north.

Witnessing the scene of him overcoming death and fighting enemies (86 kill), a name she had heard long ago came to mind.

"Death Knight?" (88 kill)