Shadow of God (4)

The Stang Kingdom.

Located at the southernmost tip of the central continent, it was also a place that had suffered relatively little damage from the demons.

"Due to the Elemental Bomb Project, most of hell's army had entered Bashuka's flower garden."

Amy picked up where Lampa left off.

"Then they were baptized by Sirone's light and scattered in all directions to the south."

"Yes. They struck the southern continent like buckshot. But the southern continent doesn't have densely packed nations like the central continent, and the demons were also reduced in number, so they avoided catastrophic damage."

Sirone said.

"And the southern continent... is the only region where a legion commander's demon realm hasn't opened."

It was also the place under Fermi's control.

"You could say they were lucky. But the Stang Kingdom in the central continent is truly the lucky winner of the battlefield. Thanks to the demons spreading from Tormia as their base, the Stang Kingdom in the west suffered almost no damage. Due to all these various factors, it's being counted as one of the candidates to hold power in the next world."

In other words, it meant there was a possibility they would stand out in the upcoming holy war.

"From here on is the Stang Kingdom."

When Sirone looked around, he could see barriers built along the border stretching to the horizon.

'The lucky winner of the battlefield.'

Just having intact castle walls showed how blessed they were.

They had departed before dawn, and when they crossed the border, the morning sunlight was shining down.

When they arrived at the border checkpoint, the Stang Kingdom's highest minister was already waiting.

"Star of the Ivory Tower, it is a tremendous honor for you to visit our Stang Kingdom."

The official who bowed to the deepest degree handed over the king's personal letter with both hands.

When Sirone skimmed through the letter, it contained an apology for not being able to come out to greet them personally.

'Certainly... he's no ordinary person.' No matter how it was dressed up with flowery language, the fact remained that a mere king had ignored one of the Five Great Stars.

"His Majesty wanted to come out personally. But currently, with immigrants flooding in from other countries..."

"It's fine."

A politician's words had no value whatsoever.

The only reason for coming here was Wizard anyway, and it was better to handle that matter quickly.

"I'd like to start with a tour first."

The official, who had already heard the situation from Lampa, bowed as if he'd been waiting for this.

"Yes. We've prepared a carriage." The reason they didn't use magic to travel was because this was, after all, a 'tour.'

The place they arrived at was the 'Stang National Magic School' that the Stang Kingdom had recently established.

While the official was handling the procedures, Sirone was able to hear the detailed circumstances from Lampa.

"The Stang Kingdom, which suffered extremely little damage in the war, accepted immigrants while aggressively recruiting outstanding talents from around the world. Wena Wizard is one of them."

"The fact that she was discovered this late means the Stang Kingdom was working behind the scenes."

"Yes. They kept it thoroughly classified and appear to have scouted her with a huge sum of money. According to our investigation, they seem to have conditionally guaranteed her the position of chairman of the Stang Kingdom's Magic Association."

"Chairman of the Magic Association..."

It wasn't an offer that could be made to a mere seven-year-old wizard.

'What kind of child is she?'

Half curious, half expectant, when they entered the school, many students were concentrating intensely on their training.

Befitting carefully selected talents, the intensity of training was considerable and their ages varied greatly.

He was looking for the youngest child when the official who had finished the tour procedures came with documents.

"As requested by the Five Great Stars, we've kept your identities confidential. The students and teachers know that kingdom inspectors are coming."

"Yes, thank you."

The Ivory Tower's Council of Ten Wizards would have already completed a comprehensive analysis anyway.

'Let's keep our distance and observe.'

If she was a seven-year-old child who had to take responsibility for the extremely evil Havitz, it would be best to approach cautiously.

Lampa pointed to the 2000th training ground.

"That child is Wizard."

Where Sirone and Amy's gazes turned, a girl was fighting against adults.

She had an intelligent-looking face with blonde hair braided in pigtails. Her build was smaller than expected.

'She looks like just an ordinary child.'

But you could tell just from her movements that she transcended normal categories.

"Fun! Fun!"

Among the young adults who were desperately deploying magic, only she was particularly excited.

The most bizarre thing was that all 14 students were targeting Wizard.

Amy couldn't say anything. If it was just being good at dodging attacks, you could use the modifier of excellent wizard, but...

"What is... that?"

She was executing what's called 'movement' - a concept so familiar to humans - in a form they'd never seen before.

"Super-logic."

Sirone said.

"She's completely outside the common sense of cause and effect that we have. It's not something you can get through training. It's not talent either. It's just..."

To give an accurate definition.

"She was just born that way." Sirone's group sensed a presence behind them.

"Our analysis agrees."

The Council of Ten Wizards - five first-class residents of the Ivory Tower and their satellites - stood in two rows.

At their sudden appearance, the official's shoulders twitched and he instinctively bowed.

'Thirteen stars gathered in one place? This is unprecedented in our kingdom.'

It was probably Wizard's value.

The Council of Ten Wizards, not even glancing at the official, approached Sirone and greeted him.

"We greet the Five Great Stars."

Even after a long time of observing Wizard, Sirone belatedly turned around.

"Yes, nice to meet you. We met during the great assembly of the Ivory Tower. I'm sorry about what happened to Freed."

Leader Bartok shook his head.

"The master enjoyed fighting strong opponents. Since his opponent was Ymir, he would have had no regrets."

Thinking the formal greetings were sufficient, he explained.

"As the Five Great Stars assessed, Wizard is a magic user based on super-logic. Prenatal awakening - that is, gaining synesthesia at the fetal stage - seems to have had a major influence."

Lampa continued.

"She sees colors in sounds and hears sounds in shapes. Of course, other wizards can do this too. However, Wizard's unique point is that even her way of thinking is synesthetic."

The leader said.

"To use the Eastern game of Go as an example, humans make one move and predict the next move. Even if they draw out all the moves in their head, the order of thinking is strictly logical. But Wizard..."

"Ignores cause and effect."

"Yes. It's not thinking in reverse, nor is it thinking from the middle. She just picks the whole thing at once. Simply put, if humans develop move by move..."

The leader let out a big sigh.

"For Wizard, the beginning and end of that game, each round, unfolds as a whole."

Lampa pointed to Wizard.

"No matter what movements the students attacking Wizard show, no matter what magic they cast, it doesn't matter. The moment change occurs, the complete picture forms in her head all at once."

Sirone watched Wizard's battle.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

She was firing Air Gun - the most basic of magic - at the older students.

"No power."

"Yes. She's facing the students with only the minimum damage that the 2000th can judge. To take down one person, roughly 2000 hits would need to be delivered. Even so, the result is..."

At the scattering Air Guns, all 14 students simultaneously groaned and collapsed.

"This is what happens."

"...I see. Without setting all the opponents' mental strength to 1, simultaneous suppression would be impossible."

"Yes. The fact that this level of coordination is possible means tens of thousands of victory patterns flashed through her mind. If she only needed to achieve victory as a result, she could win even if 200 people attacked her. And if she's prepared to take some damage as well..."

Lampa stopped speaking.

He felt uncomfortable voicing that theoretically she could suppress over 400 people.

"Hahaha! I won! I won again!" Among the students shocked mentally, Wizard ran around with both arms raised high.

Then she approached a female student who was gritting her teeth and swallowing her anger, stuck out her tongue and blew air.

"Phuuu! Phuuu! I won, didn't I~ I won, didn't I~"

The female student's eyes widened.

"Damn it!"

But seeing the face of a seven-year-old child, even her strength to be angry drained away and she lowered her head.

"Phuuu! Phuuu!"

Wizard went to each of the defeated students in the 2000th, sticking out her tongue and teasing them.

"I won, didn't I~ I'm stronger, aren't I~"

Sirone said.

"She seems to be particularly mischievous toward the female students."

"Yes. She follows the older boys better. There's no malice. She just enjoys winning and showing off her strength. Of course, from an adult's perspective, that would be exactly the kind of behavioral pattern that needs to be controlled."

Amy frowned.

"That's exactly what I'm saying. It's a magic school where they compete in skill regardless of age. Why are the teachers just standing by? At this rate, how miserable must the other students feel..."

"Ahem, ahem."

The moment Amy heard the Stang Kingdom official clearing his throat, she realized.

'Ah, I see.'

Even if Amy were the king, she wouldn't impose any sanctions on Wizard.

Even if all the students here dropped out, protecting just Wizard alone would be far more beneficial.

'At just four years old, 6th place among Ivory Tower candidates. Sirone was 4th place at the time. And three years have passed.'

Lampa said.

"It's as Amy thinks. Setting aside the kingdom's circumstances, this is a matter of critical importance to humanity. If Wizard continues to grow at this rate for just 10 more years, the world might be able to drive out heaven's army and the demons and achieve peace. Of course, whether those 10 years will be given to us is uncertain."

The leader said.

"A genius who transcended eras, from 6th grade to 4th grade, there's no teacher who can handle her. Above all, she's classified as the nation's top priority asset, so even the principal has to be careful around her."

Sirone nodded.

"Perhaps it's natural. Without being at least this level, you couldn't face Satan."

Conversely, it meant the price the Ivory Tower would have to pay to take her would be enormous.

'Now I understand why the king is being so stubborn.'

When Sirone turned his head, the official who had been smiling softly bowed silently.

'Once the tour ends, serious negotiation tables will be set up. It probably won't be resolved with money.'

Even pressing down with authority wouldn't be enough to persuade a seven-year-old child.

Sirone continued.

"Leaving her show-off tendencies unchecked doesn't seem good. Right now she's doing it simply for fun, but if she learns that victory brings more things, her mind will become corrupted."

Magic ability was a secondary factor. Wizard's necessity lay entirely in her purity.

Lampa said.

"The Five Great Stars makes a valid point. But who could control that little troublemaker? Ordinary children at that age watch their parents' reactions, but Wizard is different. She has no superiors. Her ability is already the kingdom's best, and her potential is humanity's strongest. If we handle this clumsily, we might actually hurt her."

"So we need to handle it not clumsily..."

Wizard's voice could be heard from here.

"Teacher, are those older brothers and sisters wizards too? Can I go say hello? Can I? Can I? Can I?"

Sirone's eyes looking at her calmly settled.

"We'll need to provide overwhelming education."