[698] Chapter of Reunion (7)

Eliza trembled with rage at the situation not going as she wished.

"You, how dare you..."

She couldn't even fathom what emotion this was herself.

The world doesn't teach how much one should rage before the death of a child whose face they've never even seen.

But the injustice of having to live as a sinner for 20 years alone was more than enough reason to kill Shirone.

"I'm sorry. I'll do anything if I can compensate for it."

Orcamp's eyebrows twitched when the word "compensation" came from the mouth of someone who had a one-in-three chance of becoming a star.

But Eliza had already lost her reason.

"Die. That's the only way you can compensate."

"That won't do. While it's true the prince died in my place, it wasn't by my will."

"Walker! What are you doing! He's the prince's killer! Kill him!"

When Walker didn't move, Orcamp stepped forward.

"How about this instead? There's something more frightening than death. Locking you in the underground dungeon."

It was a prison mainly for political prisoners, where bizarre tortures were carried out.

"If you refuse even this, I'll have no choice but to use violent methods."

Confirming Orcamp's gaze, Shirone nodded.

"I understand."

As Shirone's group followed Walker toward the door, Eliza hurled curses at them.

"I'll torture you horribly! I'll never forgive you!"

Walker, who closed the door as if to block the queen's voice, walked down the corridor with a gloomy expression for a while.

'Has Kazra become this powerless?'

No, it was Shirone who had become strong.

"Isn't this too cruel?"

"What is?"

At Shirone's cold counter-question, Walker realized he could demand nothing.

"His Majesty is an excellent politician, but he's still human. Perhaps... it might be a little late."

It was a petty revenge, but Shirone's expression didn't change at all.

"I don't mind."

Going down to the third basement level, a foul stench wafted even before opening the door.

Prison cells were arranged along the dark prison corridor, and groaning sounds could be heard from inside.

"Even just one year here requires no torture. They go mad. All they have left is their broken bodies."

Walker selected a relatively clean wooden prison and opened the door, and Shirone, Rian, and Kido entered one after another.

"Well... I hope you can come out again."

Only after Walker left did Kido speak.

"Shirone, what are you thinking?"

"Sorry. It won't take long."

"I know. To jump to Kashan, you need the king of Kazra's approval. But Orcamp would have made a deal. There was no need to suffer in the underground prison."

"It's not just to go to Kashan. As I told Rian, if not now, I won't be able to shake it off."

Then a hoarse laugh came from the prison across the way.

"Hehehe, you finally came. I knew you would."

A madman was gripping the prison bars with his mouth agape.

His face was gaunt like a skull, his hair was sparse, and all his front teeth, both upper and lower, were missing.

In that terrible appearance that could hardly be called human, Shirone found a familiar feeling.

"Zion?"

Zion, Theraze's son and Uorin's older brother, was imprisoned in the underground dungeon.

"You were here?"

"Yes, I was here. My little sister, no, that monster locked me in this place. Did Uorin send you too?"

Through Gaold in the Heaven Project, through Miro who pulled him out of the moratorium state, he knew Uorin's true nature, but his actual memory of meeting her was only the innocent appearance during the paternity confirmation incident.

"She really locked her own brother here?"

"Puahahaha! Real brother? That's nonsense. It's all bullshit! To that witch, humans are just livestock! She uses them when needed, then mercilessly discards them when they're no longer useful! You better look forward to it. Since you've also been abandoned by the witch, you'll live a miserable life like me. Ehehe! Ehehehehe!"

Just looking at Zion's rolled-back eyes, you could tell he was already mad and not in his right mind.

"I'll watch you suffer! Right next to you!"

"Who's making all that noise!"

When a voice came from deep in the darkness of the prison, Zion hurriedly backed away and fell on his bottom.

"Uaaaah..."

Just from his reaction, you could tell this was the voice of the one who drove Zion mad.

The man was covered in flabby fat, and his pupils were positioned much farther than normal focus.

His skull was exposed where hair had fallen out, and you could even see brain matter through a coin-sized hole that had been drilled.

"His brain is literally contaminated."

Kido spoke matter-of-factly, but Zion drooled reflexively and trembled in fear.

"Hehehe, looks like our little darling has come to find me? I'll block that noisy throat for you."

He unbuckled his belt and entered the prison, grabbing Zion's hair and dragging him into the dark shadows.

"No! I don't want to! No!"

The desperate screaming suddenly stopped, and after a while, the torturer came out of the prison again.

"Hehehe, for a while now... Hm?"

Confirming that newcomers had entered the prison across the way, he approached while flicking his tongue.

"Ho? What do we have here?"

Meeting Shirone's disgusted gaze gave him a thrill.

"Hehe, this place, you see, once you come in, you can never get out."

The torturer unlocked the door and entered.

"Depending on how much you can please me, the intensity of that day's torture changes. So..."

He pulled iron pliers from his pants and extended his hand toward Shirone.

"Let's pull out some teeth."

The moment his hand touched Shirone's shoulder, Rian shot forward and punched the torturer's face with his fist.

The lump that flew away with the sound of breaking bones crashed into Zion's prison bars with a bang.

Without even looking at the torturer, Shirone said.

"Thanks, Rian."

"It's what I do."

Rian, who returned to his place, added.

"I will protect you."

Faced with Shirone's stubbornness of not using his hands until the end and Rian's stubbornness of protecting such a Shirone until the end, Kido's eyes grew weary.

'Both of them are insufferable.'

When night came in terms of time, Rian's snoring echoed thunderously through the underground prison.

"Really inconsiderate."

Kido clicked his tongue at the sight of him sleeping soundly in a place even goblins wouldn't want to stay long.

"Shirone, how about making up now?"

Shirone smiled.

"We never fought. Rian probably doesn't think so either."

"Still, disagreements aren't good. I'm not taking sides, but Rian has lines he can't compromise on too."

"I know. That's why I'm doing as I please too."

"Huh?"

"If Rian were someone who yielded to me, I wouldn't be able to judge coolly. I'd worry about him."

"Hmm, is that so?"

"Even if Rian hadn't been by my side, I would have acted exactly the same way. But..."

Shirone stuck his tongue out slightly.

"Because Rian was by my side, I could be safe."

Shirone and Rian weren't in a relationship where they used each other.

"I thought humans lived such difficult lives."

Kido rested his arms on the wide-open prison bars.

"It's quite interesting though, being complicated."

Rian scratched his belly and rolled over.

"Ah, I'm hungry..."

"Hahaha."

While his appetite was overwhelming his sleepiness, Rian's eyes snapped open.

"What? They're here already?"

Shirone was already sensing it too.

The sound of a door opening was heard, and Walker approached carrying a torch.

He didn't even look at the fallen torturer, nor was he interested in the wide-open door.

"Please come out. His Majesty is calling for you."

"What was bound to come has come. Let's go."

Rian equipped his great straight sword and stood up.

"After sleeping all this time, pretending you were waiting..."

After waiting about 10 minutes in the panic room, Orcamp sat across from Shirone carrying a box.

"Was your stay bearable?"

"Thanks to your consideration. I was surprised it was faster than expected."

Wasn't he his child's enemy after all?

"If I have to yield anyway, I yield completely - that's my principle. And because I can't give you what you want."

"What do I want?"

"You want to go to Kashan."

Strategically, there was no other reason to stop by Kazra.

"But jumping is impossible. Nominally we're under Kashan's rule, but it seems we've fallen out of favor."

"I see."

He thought that possibility wasn't entirely unlikely.

"Instead, I'll give you this."

Orcamp offered the box.

"Uorin, no, Theraze left this when she left Kazra. She told me to give it to you."

Shirone only examined the box with his eyes.

'Mitochondrial Eve. What intention is contained in this?'

Shirone, who received the box, looked up and asked.

"What about Her Majesty?"

"Not well. But she'll eventually forget. It's not a memory that makes her happy. That's the kind of woman she is."

Orcamp spoke honestly.

"Actually, I'm not sure either whether there really was a son. But a woman's heart who carried him in her womb must be somewhat different, wouldn't it? I hope you understand."

Orcamp, having finished his business, rose from his chair.

"Leave Kazra as you please. And if you meet Theraze..."

"I'll try requesting that the sanctions be lifted."

After Orcamp nodded and left the panic room, Kido and Rian leaned toward the box.

"What is it? What did she leave? Don't tell me it's an object?"

Armand was also something Uorin had given.

"Well? Being in more debt..."

When he actually opened the lid, there was a small iron box inside with a familiar pattern carved on the surface.

"Henaya."

It was the angels' language, capable of containing unique laws.

"It's sealed. You can open it with Immortal Function, right?"

Rian recalled the memory of Shirone unsealing Tess's drone when they went to heaven.

"Yeah. But it seems somewhat crude."

When he activated Immortal Function, the Henaya glowed red and operated.

"As expected..."

The Henaya's law contained a security circuit.

"It's a one-to-one correspondence method. Absolutely impossible to solve."

If someone wrote the number 7653, no one but the person involved could know its meaning.

"But it's possible with the Ultima System."

Shirone, who was about to input the code, suddenly looked up.

"Huh, Ultima?"

"Why? It was definitely left for you."

"Uorin gave this before leaving Kazra. At that time, I hadn't yet realized Direct Cognition."

"Hmm, now that you mention it..."

"Therefore, this was left for the Great Purifier. In other words, it's an event that didn't exist in the second reset."

"It's a bit unsettling. Can we trust it? From what I heard in prison, they called her a witch."

"Let's try unsealing it first."

When Shirone input the code, the Henaya's iron shell finally came off, revealing the contents.

It was a familiar mechanical device.

"Metagate. Why this?"

Rian said.

"Isn't it about La Enemy? To go to heaven and find it?"

"No, maybe it's not new. It might already remember specific coordinates."

Kido slapped his palm.

"Kashan!"

"That's possible, but..."

Witch, monster, they said.

"Maybe it's a terribly horrible place."

While the three stared at the Metagate like a monstrosity, Rian made the decision.

"Let's go. We have no choice but to go, right?"

When they activated the device in a wide space, the box opened and a huge black sphere distorted space-time.

"Heaven or hell. Hell or heaven."

Hearing Kido's ominous chant, Shirone pushed his body into the pitch-black space.

His vision darkened, then soon the bright daylight of midday, not the gloomy torchlight of the panic room, gripped his retinas.

'Where is this?'

In his half-closed eyes, he saw endlessly spread marble floors and dozens of windows letting in sunlight.

And below the windows, a white-haired girl beautiful even from behind stood with her hands clasped behind her back.

'I don't know, Kido. Whether it's heaven or hell.'

That was Shirone's honest impression upon arrival.

"Hm? Who's there?"

The girl, sensing a presence, turned around, spotted Shirone, and smiled with wide eyes.

"Oh my?"

It was Kashan's Empress, Theraze Uorin.

(End of Volume 28)