[799] Complex (4)

"Kill me."

Mortasinger was serious.

"I'm tired of living with such a hideous face. I don't care what you do, just kill me in the end."

It was an ability that had manifested because it was a complex greater than death, greater than pain.

"I won't kill you."

Mortasinger looked puzzled.

"I know the problem is mostly mental. If it could be changed easily, no one would suffer. But..."

She was definitely a beautiful person.

"It's not like there's no way. I can help you learn to love yourself."

Mortasinger's reaction was cold.

"You don't know. You're beautiful. You've never lived with an ugly face like mine."

"You're not ugly either."

"Lies."

Shirone created a mirror with Material and showed it to her.

"Look, see your face."

"Kyaaaah!"

As Mortasinger turned her head away in terror, Shirone pressed even harder.

"Look! This is you! What exactly is hideous about this appearance?"

"Get it away! Why do you keep tormenting me!"

If catharsis could happen with just this much, she wouldn't have committed such terrible terrorism.

"If you can't accept it, then believe what others say. I think you're beautiful."

"Lies! You're just pitying me!"

"It's not a lie. I'd stake my life on it."

Mortasinger's eyes flashed sharply.

"Then die. Die in front of me. Then I'll believe what you say."

"Alright."

Shirone released the Shining Chain and grabbed Mortasinger's hand, bringing it to his own neck.

"I can't commit suicide. So kill me."

Having included himself in the objects of his universal love, Shirone couldn't strangle himself.

For him, suicide would carry the same weight as killing all life in the world.

"Hmph! I knew you couldn't do it! Even without my abilities, snapping the neck of someone like you is nothing...!"

The executive of the Decimation Committee was strong, and her grip strength terrifyingly constricted Shirone's windpipe.

Shirone closed his eyes and quietly waited for death.

He didn't particularly think she would change her mind or realize something through this act.

'Just believing.'

That humans are beings who can choose.

'No matter how murky the heart...'

Even if it's a demon.

'There's no such thing as an irredeemable heart.'

That was the only hope that universal love dreamed of in the confrontation between good and evil, in the world of emptiness that Buddha had realized.

Mortasinger's arm trembled.

'Why? Why go this far...?'

It felt like a thread of light was seeping into her completely twisted heart.

"Am I really..."

Mortasinger slowly withdrew her hands.

"Pretty?"

Every time Hyega moved, diamonds crystallized in the air, forming a galaxy.

'I can't breathe!'

Though the Law would return matter to energy, inhaling before that happened would damage his lungs.

"Your escape techniques are quite good."

Marsha, having lost her dagger, stepped back and said.

"It's already been over 100 seconds, hasn't it?"

Hyega responded with a snort and charged forward, covering his entire body with diamond, as Marsha spread both arms.

"It's fine to kill me."

The irregular technique 'Plunder' had already disappeared through Shirone's catharsis, but her resolve was no different from then.

As the sharp hand strike pierced in, Marsha twisted her body and embraced Hyega from behind.

'Let's see who dies.'

Drawing a new dagger from inside her thigh, she immediately slashed wildly at Hyega's body.

As the cuts increased to twelve, desire gas began leaking at a rate of 12 percent per minute.

"Are you prepared to die!"

Even while dodging Hyega's attacks at close range, she didn't stop making cuts.

'It's the same death whether I retreat or not.'

Hyega now understood this too.

'I'll catch her first!'

Using excellent boxing techniques, he cornered Marsha against the wall and thrust his hand strike into her abdomen.

"Kugh!"

At the same time, Hyega's desire hit rock bottom and he lost his free will.

"Wh-why...?"

He had definitely felt his hand strike pierce her belly.

"So close~"

Marsha, having sucked in her stomach completely, showed off her ant waist by lifting her clothes to reveal her navel.

"What a dirty trick..."

"Dirty?"

When Marsha pushed his shoulder, the exhausted Hyega fell backward.

"Do you think maintaining this figure at thirty is easy?"

"..."

Marsha looked toward the entrance as she watched Hyega, who couldn't even make a sound.

"Still not finished? You're pathetic."

Boridharma, who had soared dozens of meters high, deployed palm techniques, leaving giant handprints stamped on the ground with thunderous sounds.

"Damn it! That cursed monk!"

With the strength of iron and wind pressure enough to lift bodies, there seemed to be no way to bring him down except through counterattack.

"Let me try."

As Tattoo Clan Sake crouched his lower body, the tiger tattoo carved on his right thigh awakened.

"Qualification of the Fierce Tiger."

As he kicked toward the sky, the rough roar of a beast erupted in the air.

Roaaaaar!

The shockwave, making a wide detour through space, exploded in turbulence right next to Boridharma.

'Ugh!'

The tiger's ability Side Attack could overlap dozens of rotational vectors in the shockwave.

"Diamond Sutra."

As Boridharma thrust both hands toward the ground, he shot up even higher with a bang.

"Wind Style, Great Power Rakshasa."

With hands pressed together, he thrust them forward like a blade, shooting compressed air with iron-like strength like a spear.

Roaaaaar!

The two techniques clashed in the middle, creating an explosive sound.

"Hey! Why so loud! What are you guys doing?"

Marsha, dragging Hyega by the scruff of his neck, pointed at Freeman and shouted.

"Wait. I've almost got him."

Just as Freeman, having reloaded his magic bullet, aimed at Boridharma and was about to pull the trigger.

"Huh?"

A purple radiance briefly rose hazily from the ridge like a sunset.

"Lady Mortasinger."

"Of course you're pretty."

Shirone smiled and nodded.

"I'm serious. I would never lie."

"I'm... pretty?"

She still couldn't believe it, but it was the first time someone had guaranteed it with their life.

"Come with me. I know people who can help you believe my words."

Miro and Arius could dive into Mortasinger's hell and save her.

"Can you forgive me?"

Yahweh doesn't discriminate against those who repent.

"Nothing has happened yet. From now on, you'll fight with us."

Whiiiing.

'Really?'

A single fly entered the forest.

'Really, from this hell...'

Mortasinger, who had been about to grasp Shirone's outstretched hand, pulled back her arm and cowered.

"No! There's no way you'd forgive me! This is a trap!"

The moment Shirone's lips parted, the world froze in gray and everything stopped.

"Ahhhhhhhhh."

A magnificent funeral chorus could be heard from the sky.

"Wh-who are you people?"

Twelve figures dressed entirely in black were standing in a circle around Mortasinger.

"Temporal Prison."

Time outside the Law.

0.666 seconds of every second.

"Welcome Him."

As the Temporal Prison turned in one direction, the colorless world peeled away to reveal a massive lava lake.

"Your suspicion is justified, my child."

The center of the massive lava lake bulged upward, revealing a blood-soaked figure.

Ultimate Evil.

Satan.

His voice was like burning flames.

"Yahweh is deceiving you. Only I can give you what you want."

Activating Temporal Prison outside the spiritual realm was breaking the Law, but currently God was absent from this world.

"What I want?"

"Behold, my child."

A mirror, gleaming red like oil, rose beside Satan and reflected Mortasinger.

"Ah... ahhhhh..."

A mirror that reflects the heart.

The reflection was terrifyingly hideous, but to Mortasinger it was the most beautiful form in the world.

"This is the appearance I've always wanted!"

"I can give it to you. Worship me. You will become the most beautiful woman in the world."

It was a much sweeter offer than Shirone's.

"I will follow. Please give me that beauty!"

The funeral chorus grew louder.

"...The contract is sealed."

Following the twelve Temporal Prison members seeping into the ground, Mortasinger also sank as if caught in a swamp.

"No."

She suddenly came to her senses and screamed.

'No! That's not me!'

She struggled, realizing the evil inner self reflected in the mirror, but the contract with Satan couldn't be reversed.

"Save me, Shirone! Rescue me!"

She desperately reached out, but the distance to Shirone's outstretched hand grew farther.

"Kuhahaha! I'm taking her, Yahweh! I will claim all whom you love!"

In time outside the Law, Satan poured mockery into Shirone's ear.

"As long as Buddha is absent, the world is mine. Suffer in agony for life, detested Yahweh."

Mortasinger's face sank into the ground.

"Shirone..."

As the Temporal Prison completely disappeared, Satan in human form also submerged in hellfire.

Finally, the hellish landscape closed and a massive purple radiance spread for an instant.

It was 0.666 seconds.

"Huh?"

As Mortasinger disappeared from right before his eyes without a trace, Shirone narrowed his eyes and stood up.

"What happened?"

Kidnapping?

'No, it's not that level. Even at speeds invisible to the eye, something should remain in the mind.'

It would be impossible without stopping time.

'But how? Even Stop magic can't affect objects.'

Shirone's eyes widened.

"Satan."

Only beings outside the Law could deceive Yahweh.

'Is it that Ultimate Evil can also break the Law?'

He had exploited the momentary doubt that sprouted in Mortasinger's heart to drag her to hell.

"I need to tell Zion."

Shirone flew up with Flight magic and quickly returned to the tournament venue.

The battle was at a lull, and Boridharma supporting Hyega and Marsha ran over simultaneously.

"Shirone! What happened?"

"Where is Lady Mortasinger?"

Shirone looked at Boridharma and reported the situation.

"She went to hell?"

"It seems the demons changed their methods after Terraforce allowed Law-breaking. She won't be able to escape on her own."

"Hmm."

Boridharma exchanged glances with Hyega.

"Anyway, she's our leader. The Eternal Life Community will go to Zion. We might find a way there."

"I think the same. But I can't guarantee they'll accept you."

Though he said that, Miro would accept them.

'Because she's Ultimate Good.'

Looking around, Shirone realized there were no casualties and deactivated Time Vibration.

"Is it over? It was getting interesting."

Though Marsha was disappointed, Shirone, having experienced the same thing hundreds of times, was sick of it.

'I can't intervene in what happens in Satan's time.'

Probably in time that doesn't exist in the Law - even if he went back, Mortasinger wouldn't be in reality.

"Shirone! Where did you go? I was scared to death!"

The beauty contest participants approached.

"The terrorist has been caught. You can now compete in the contest without worry."

Rangi asked with a brightened expression.

"Really? Really caught?"

Before Shirone could answer, she hugged his neck and jumped around.

"Yahoo! Finally free!"

Not to be outdone, other participants also hugged him.

"Thank you. But it's such a shame. If I'd been in the waiting room, I could have seen something good."

"No, it's fine."

He really meant it.

(End of Volume 32)