Cold World (4)

After the dinner with the royal family ended, Lupist and Flu left the royal castle and remained silent for a long time.

Words, words, words.

It was due to the stress of having to interpret all kinds of words according to others' standards.

"I'm sorry."

Flu frowned.

"For what?"

"Just."

He could have explained, but it was annoying to repeat the royals' lewd jokes again.

"Guild Master."

Flu sighed and turned his head.

"Haven't you been getting too sentimental lately? I know you're facing a major undertaking, but..."

"Sentimental?"

Me?

"There's no special meaning. It was something you didn't need to endure, so I showed my own courtesy."

"That makes me feel worse." Flu said with an unpleasant expression.

"If it had been the former secretary-general instead of me who went through the same thing, would you have apologized?"

Jane's face came to mind.

He wouldn't have even mentioned an apology.

'Because we were a perfect team.'

Realizing his mistake, Lupist returned to his usual demeanor and asked coldly.

"What's the progress going forward?"

A smile finally appeared on Flu's face.

"With the royal family's approval, we can deploy an additional 200,000 royal guard troops. If we place the drum line at the front, we should be able to lure the demon race."

"Expected time for the outbreak of war?"

"According to Dante, there are 16 hours remaining. We need to complete all formations within that time."

"I'll relay that to headquarters. Other matters?"

Flu brought up what he had been holding back.

"It seems Miss Pony has caught on. She had the same kind of smile as us."

Lupist knew it too.

"She's different from the other royals. She's from magic school and has considerable social experience, doesn't she?"

If you could count participating in a world beauty pageant as social experience.

"What should we do?"

It was a short but chilling question.

'If she's caught on...'

If she tells the other royals, the strategy would be ruined, so if they were going to eliminate her, it had to be now.

"Your thoughts?"

"We should do it. She's an outstanding talent as a mage, but this isn't a matter we can leave to chance."

She was destined to die anyway.

"...I'll send someone."

She was smart but her magical abilities weren't particularly outstanding, so a hitman would be better than an assassin.

"Yes. Then next..."

Just as Flu was about to present the next agenda item, Pony appeared at the crossroads.

Both of their steps came to an abrupt halt, but their expressions remained unchanged like machines.

"Are you heading to the Magic Guild?" Lupist asked, showing courtesy to the royal.

"Miss Pony, what brings you here?"

Pony looked back and forth between Lupist and Flu, then seemed to make up her mind and bowed her upper body.

"Please spare me."

A royal bowing her head would be a national shock, but Lupist remained calm.

"Spare you? What's the matter?"

"I don't know."

Pony bit her lip and raised her head.

"Because I can't even imagine what's going to happen, I'm asking you to spare me."

'She's definitely smart.'

It took only 10 minutes from realizing she couldn't respond to the danger to giving up all power.

'The king is an illusion, but...'

He couldn't deny that she was the key to uniting the nation in the shortest time.

'It should be fine.'

Rebuilding with a puppet king at the front.

"How much can you give up?"

Though she had already made up her mind, Pony realized this was the end and deliberated.

"Everything."

To inherit the kingship of a new era, Pony was willing to give up being human.

'Psychological murder.'

To survive in a hell overrun by demons, you needed this level of madness.

"I'll contact you separately."

Lupist said as he passed by Pony.

"It won't take long."

"Oh, what kind of bolt from the blue is this."

Daris, packing his things in the royal castle barracks, felt like the sky was falling.

'Damn royals. Deploying the royal guard, and the military band at that, to the front lines?'

His comrades felt the same way.

"This is really strange. Until yesterday we hadn't heard any information. Suddenly calling us means..."

He had an ominous feeling.

"Everyone assemble!"

At the battalion commander's order, the grumbling soldiers grabbed their drums and ran to the parade ground.

"Listen up! From now on, we will march rapidly for 4 hours to reach Denan Plains. There we will play the role of luring the army of hell!"

The soldiers murmured among themselves.

"I have a question! Why is the royal guard being deployed? Military bands are assigned to each division."

"All military bands under Tormia's command will gather at Denan Plains."

The murmuring grew louder.

"All the military bands?"

That was close to 3,000 people by rough estimate.

"For that reason, we're also going out, but there's no need to think seriously about it. As soon as we lure the army of hell, we'll withdraw and infantry will be deployed."

It was welcome news, but the danger of being on the front lines still lurked.

'The death rate would be about 5 percent? So 150 out of 3,000 would die...'

Everyone was thinking the same thing.

"Now return to the barracks and pack your things. Reassemble here in 20 minutes! Dismissed!"

The soldiers quickly returned, and Daris also packed his military gear with an uneasy heart.

"Daris."

At the voice from the entrance, he turned to see Hanea, a royal castle maid, standing there.

"Huh? How are you here?"

They were childhood friends at first.

Daris confessed first, and Hanea politely declined after thinking for a day.

He had suffered enough from lovesickness that his comrades looked surprised at her appearance.

"Can we talk for a moment?"

The squad leader patted Daris on the shoulder.

"Go ahead. I'll pack your gear for you."

Postponing all grateful feelings for later, Daris took Hanea outside.

"What's wrong? It's work hours now."

"I heard. You're going to war?"

As a royal castle maid, she was well-informed about news.

"Ahaha! Just unlucky... No, it's something I have to do. It's a bit dangerous, but..."

"I'll wait."

"Huh?"

Doubting his ears, Daris asked again, and Hanea glanced at him while slightly blushing.

"I've thought about it a lot, and you're right. Starting fresh would be good too."

"So you mean... you and me..."

Hanea's face moved slightly up and down.

"Come back quickly. Don't show off in front, and do whatever it takes to survive."

Daris took a deep breath.

After ending that brief meeting and returning to the barracks, all his comrades turned their heads.

"How was it? Did the talk go well..."

The moment they saw Daris's eyes burning with vitality, everyone stared blankly with their mouths open.

"I'm definitely coming back alive."

Definitely.

After completing the 4-hour rapid march, the royal military band joined with other military bands.

A drum line of 3,000 people formed on the vast Denan Plains, and the sky was quiet.

Daris desperately tried to calm his two hands holding the sticks, which were trembling.

'Stay calm. It's nothing. Just beat drums for about an hour, then just escape.'

The band leader raised the flag.

"Everyone!"

The sound of sticks touching drums followed in perfect unison.

"March!"

Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom!

The fastest-beat drum sound began shaking the plains like thunder.

When the leading drum line moved 1 kilometer, the infantry finally followed.

'The distance to the lifeline is 1 kilometer.'

When they lured the demons, to reverse positions they would need to run at least 500 meters like mad.

After 30 minutes of beating drums until his hands cramped, the results appeared.

Beyond the horizon, approaching with earth-shaking steps, demons with mottled red skin.

'Why are there so many?'

They filled the entire horizon of Denan Plains and more.

'We can't beat that! We have to run!'

Everyone probably felt the same, but the band leader's retreat flag still wasn't moving.

Kukukukukukuku!

When earthquake-level trembling was transmitted to their feet, comrades beside him burst into tears.

"Uaaaah! Uaaaah!"

Daris didn't lose and screamed too.

"Damn it! Retreat quickly! We have to go now!"

The moment 3,000 people's killing intent focused on the band leader, the retreat flag waved.

"Damn it!"

Daris threw off the band around his neck, threw away his drum, and ran toward the distant infantry.

A race between life and death had begun.

"Kahahaha! Shoot! Shoot!"

From the demon horde, arrows shaped like spinal bones flew into the sky and poured down like rain.

The distance was still far, but several arrows from strong bows penetrated the bodies of band members.

"Kak!"

Seeing comrades falling left and right, Daris gritted his teeth and pushed his thighs.

'I can live! I can live!'

Whether the band leader's judgment was good, there were fewer casualties than expected.

'5 percent, no, 3 percent. I'm absolutely not included in that! Can't be included!'

Hanea was waiting.

'Let's get married. Let's go on vacation together, have dinner at a nice restaurant! Yeah! We'll do lots of naughty things too!'

The moment the infantry came into view, tears poured out.

"Uuuuung! Uuuuung!"

At that moment.

"Kuk!"

A thick bone arrow precisely penetrated the back of Daris's neck and came out the front.

Daris, who had fallen forward, struggled while groping the shaft of the arrow stuck in the ground.

"Kuk! Kuk!"

When he raised his gaze with a shocked expression, his eyes met with the squad leader who had turned back.

"Sa, save... save me..."

The moment he reached out his hand, the squad leader's pupils wavered briefly.

"Please..."

But then he pushed Daris out of his sight and ran forward at full speed.

"No, no...!"

God is indifferent.

'Why me! Out of so many people, why me! Hanea, Hanea spoke to me!'

What grudge would God have to punish a young man who had just begun to love?

'I don't want to die! Please, please someone...'

The arrow was simply shot, and he just happened to be where it flew following the world's inertia.

'I can't die! It can't end like this!'

He simply couldn't run faster.

"Uaaaah!"

He tried with all his might to pull out the arrow, but his neck, pierced by the barb, wouldn't budge.

"Ha, Hanea."

Cold world.

"I miss you..."

"Waaaaaaargh!"

As the army of hell advanced, they trampled Daris's body until it became pulp.

"Kahahaha! Kill! Kill the humans!"

Just before the last fragment of his brain shattered, Daris suddenly had this thought.

'If I hadn't come here.'

Even if it meant losing his job, if he had given up everything and left with Hanea.

'Why?'

Did he think he could live?

'Because the woman I loved confessed to me? Because the death rate was only 5 percent?'

Whatever you want, whatever you wish for, the wheel of law just turns like a machine.

'There was a chance...'

A chance to give up everything.

Just before losing consciousness, Daris thought he heard a voice flash through his mind.

Save yourself.

Whether it was a hallucination caused by his brain or a message from God, only he would know.