Participation (3)

Elite soldiers of Hell's 7th Army Corps were guarding the entrance to the imperial capital Aganos.

"Kill me."

Gando, already seriously wounded, collapsed against the castle wall while glaring at his enemies.

"Kill you?"

Vulcan walked through the demons toward him.

"Do you think you deserve such glory?"

Though the imperial throne had been inherited, there was no one left in Kashan who would regard Gando as emperor.

'I need to keep him alive until we capture Uorin.'

"Damn it..."

Realizing his miserable reality, Gando leaned back against the castle wall and looked up at the sky.

'Mother.'

Even with death right before him, it was strange that he felt no resentment toward her.

'That is what makes an emperor.'

Born as the same form of life as others, yet enjoying everything others cannot have while considering it natural.

'I could never become that.'

Had Uorin escaped safely?

'Smodo went after her. It's only a matter of time before they catch up.'

Though Pungzhang and Kido had followed, the demon called Amon was different from other corps commanders.

'He's not just strong. There's something strange about him...'

Before Gando could finish his thought, a roar came rolling in from the outer gate of the capital.

KRAAAANG!

The echo that shook the heavens made even the elite demon soldiers tremble involuntarily.

"What is that?"

Vulcan turned around.

Though nothing was visible yet, the rapidly changing crowd psychology alone revealed the severity of the situation.

"What the hell is going on?"

Crowd psychology was a massive flow that comprehensively read the individual wills of everyone on the battlefield.

And the flow Vulcan was seeing now was the kind that could only be witnessed during natural disasters.

'Did a volcano erupt?'

Even if that were the case, it shouldn't cause demon crowd psychology to be this terrified.

'It's not a disaster. It's emotion.'

Rage.

A massive emotion was approaching, devouring the demons' fighting spirit like the sun.

"Leave only the guards and deploy everyone else. Whatever that is, absolutely do not let it reach here."

An excellent judgment.

Being able to read the flow of battle provided such a powerful advantage.

But moments later, Vulcan realized his mistake.

'It's transcended the realm of emotion.'

When he visualized the feeling of the crowd psychology as an image, Vulcan's head gradually tilted upward.

'Is it this big? No, it's even bigger.'

The monster's form was too large to be contained even against the sky as backdrop.

'And more resolute.'

It was armed with an unshakeable will that nothing could break.

His aide shouted.

"General! Over there!"

When Vulcan hurriedly looked down, he finally saw the true form of the massive apparition.

A killer equipped with <Beolsal> as its engine was racing toward them with Sirone on its back.

It extended jet-black thorns like spears, and demons exploded upon impact.

'Can we stop it?'

A question so pathetic that Vulcan would blush when recalling it later arose in his mind.

"Damn it!"

If it could have been stopped in the first place, such abnormal crowd psychology wouldn't have been detected.

Sirone shouted toward the castle.

"Havitz!"

When Multi Rampage was cast with Elysion's mind, barriers of light overlapped from all directions.

"Kraaaak! Kraaaak!"

The demons' bones twisted randomly before crumpling into masses of flesh like crumpled paper.

'That can't be stopped.'

Vulcan climbed onto his demonic beast's back and shouted.

"I'm going to His Majesty! Guide me!"

A winged demon set off to find Havitz, and Vulcan kicked his beast's flank.

"Run! There's no time!"

He felt nauseated enough to vomit.

'Stay calm. Havitz won't die.'

No matter how many times the dice were rolled, no matter how many arrows rained down, no matter how powerful an enemy blocked the way.

'The event of death itself won't occur!'

Then what was this terrifying crowd psychology currently chasing Vulcan?

KRAAAANG!

Turning his head at the monster's phantom roar, he saw thorn-like sharp darkness encroaching on the surroundings.

'The law.'

Vulcan's eyes filled with intensity.

'The law is changing.'

Without Buddha, Yahweh too would be useless?

'He's consumed Buddha! This damn...'

This was dangerous.

'So this is what they call going berserk? He seems quite displeased with what we're doing.'

It was a situation where the world's law and Havitz's chaos had entered a power struggle over a single future.

'I can't guarantee anything. I can't guarantee this.'

The demonic beast carrying Vulcan moved its legs even faster.

"Kido!"

Kido crashed into the wall with a bang from Amon's strike.

"Ughhhh."

He struggled to get up, but his legs wobbled from the shock that had penetrated his body.

"I'm fine. I can still hold on."

It was a lie.

'He's really strong. I can't handle him alone. Unless all the Pungzhang attack together...'

The remaining 80 Pungzhang were currently traveling throughout the capital searching for escape routes.

'I need to buy time.'

"How strange."

Amon said, resting his sword on his shoulder.

"I've killed countless creatures that look like you. Goblins, was it? They had much more grit than humans."

"But you should hate humans, shouldn't you? Or were they food? Then why are you protecting humans?"

Why indeed?

He had come to Kashan at Uorin's proposal, but there was no reason to stay aboard a sinking ship.

'Why am I fighting for this woman?'

To goblins, humans were food.

No matter what clothes or accessories they wore, they were ultimately just wrapping paper around meat.

'The height of pretense.'

To Kido, whose existence revolved around feeding and breeding, Uorin's life was foolishly splendid and brilliant...

'What does she think she is? I know you eat and defecate too! How are you different from other animals?'

It was so beautiful.

'How dare she put a dog collar on the Goblin King.'

Sometimes when bored, Uorin would put a rope around Kido's neck and play.

"Kido, bark like a dog. Woof woof."

Actually, it didn't feel too bad.

'That's about all humans amount to, anyway. I was so dumbfounded I just went along with it. What was so fun about that...'

Kido smiled bitterly, recalling Uorin's convulsive laughter.

'Damn it.'

It seemed he would have to die here.

"Kiiiii!"

When Kido rolled on the ground and activated his transformation technique, an illusion of the earth writhing like a swamp unfolded.

'After binding him with earth spirits...!'

With Amon's legs stuck to the ground, Kido thrust his spear straight forward.

'I'll pierce his heart!'

When Amon grabbed the spear blade, sparks flew with clanking sounds from his iron gauntlets.

"Still have strength left? Give up. With your skills, you cannot surpass me."

Kido's lips curled upward.

"Is that so?"

Transformation Technique.

Dominion of Origin.

The spear blade he was gripping tightly began to advance bit by bit, ignoring physical strength.

"This is...?"

"Nothing touches."

The blade's atoms passed between Amon's atoms and finally reached his solar plexus.

"Kugh!"

Amon's face contorted in bewilderment.

'Got him.'

Confident, the moment he penetrated even Amon's armor, Kido felt a chilling sensation.

'What is this?'

Indescribably twisted demonic energy was being transmitted through the spear.

"Kraaaah!"

Breaking free from the earth spirits and launching his body, Amon stabbed his sword into Kido's abdomen.

"Kugh!"

Following the withdrawing sword, Kido clutched his stomach and fell to his knees, his shoulders heaving.

"Not bad. To directly wound my demonic energy. You'd easily surpass a division commander."

Kido, his face pressed to the ground, clawed at the floor in excruciating pain.

'Damn it!'

With even Kido fallen, Uorin's face went pale.

"Is it over now?"

Havitz walked over indifferently.

"First time since we met at the Holy War? I owed you before. I almost made it to the very end, but it was disappointing."

He knew that Uorin was the mastermind who had tried to kill him using <Beolsal>.

And as a result, he had sacrificed the person he loved most to become Satan.

'Havitz. Ultimate evil. Chaos.'

Feeling the demonic aura emanating from Havitz, Uorin's shoulders trembled.

It felt like being swallowed by a giant snake's maw.

"What do you think I'll do to you? Think about it. What do you think I'll do?"

'Everything possible.'

But what was truly frightening was that whatever she imagined, he would transcend it.

'I can't die like this.'

From the beginning of human history until now, it had been a life endured solely to meet Sirone.

Watching Uorin's resolute gaze after finishing her resolve, Havitz rummaged through his clothes.

"But I wonder what meaning that has now."

Confusion crossed Uorin's face.

"So let's create some meaning. Let's see who's stronger between you and me."

Havitz pulled out two cubic dice and threw them at Uorin's feet.

The dice showed 2 and 1, totaling 3.

"Roll them. If you get a higher number than me, I die. If you get a lower number, you die."

Though the odds were quite favorable for Uorin, her face went white as she looked down at the dice.

If they had shown 1 and 1 for a total of 2, she would have definitely thrown them.

'It's over.'

Even if she endured any humiliation, as long as she stayed alive, she could meet Sirone, but...

'Human pleasures are no longer of any concern to him. He won't be satisfied with such things.'

What Havitz wanted from Uorin wasn't merely physical pain.

'I can't win.'

Even without rolling the dice, she already knew through future sight which faces would appear.

"Roll them. Before I just kill you."

Just as despair appeared on Uorin's face, Kido gritted his teeth and stood up.

"Don't talk nonsense."

"Kido?..."

"I can still hold on. If I can just buy time until Pungzhang arrives... Kugh!"

A bowlful of blood poured from Kido's mouth.

Confirming that he was merely waiting for death, Havitz drew his sword and said.

"Last chance."

Uorin slowly bent down and reached toward the dice.

'The moment I roll these dice... I die.'

No will could change chaos that existed outside the law.

'The only way is...'

To follow chaos's will.

Uorin's movement stopped abruptly, and she knelt on the ground.

"Please spare me."

Kido's eyes widened at the unexpected situation.

"You..."

"I was wrong. Please forgive me for being rude all this time."

Kido's face contorted.

'What is she doing? Why is she begging for her life from such a bastard? Weren't you the noblest woman in the world?'

Havitz asked.

"Why?"

Uorin looked up.

"I have someone I love. I want to meet that person. Please show mercy..."

"Stand up!"

Kido shouted, spitting blood.

"Stand up! I'll never let you die! I said I'd protect you somehow!"

Smodo said.

"Abandoning pride is admirable, but nothing will change. No matter how much you plead..."

Havitz cut him off.

"Love?"

"Your Majesty."

Uorin looked up into Havitz's eyes.

'Cold and terrifying eyes of chaos.'

Translated into human emotion, absolute solitude was embedded in his pupils.