Ivory Tower Great Assembly (3)

"But a great assembly?"

Shirone asked as he guided Mini and Ariana to the living room.

"Yes. It's a direct order from Taesung. All residents who have received the title of Star are to gather with their satellites."

"I see..."

Shirone's face remained calm as he poured tea.

"Did you know about this?"

Since he had no idea how much time had passed during his meditation, he hadn't received any word.

"No. But I can guess." Currently, Havitz was extremely evil, but the moment the <Legal Kill> project failed, he had already felt it instinctively.

'He can't be killed.'

The fact that no matter what situation he was put in, the desired result couldn't be obtained was because he existed outside the law.

With hell's army staining the world, Taesung's decision to summon all personnel was a rational judgment.

"You must be very tired."

Mini said worriedly, looking at Shirone's face, which appeared more haggard than when she had seen him before.

"No department in the Ivory Tower fights like you do, Shirone. You need rest."

Among the five departments of the Ivory Tower, the Integrated Space Management Department had the broadest scope of duties.

"The best rest is solving the problem at hand. I don't want to run away."

Ariana's eyes grew hollow.

'He's as stubborn as I heard.'

The realm called Yahweh itself was not stress that humans could handle.

Even Miro, humanity's strongest seeker, couldn't extend the radius of law beyond the boundaries of good.

'How is that possible?'

As she thought this and turned her gaze, Shirone looked at her and smiled.

"I'm really okay."

A blush rose to Ariana's face.

'How cute.'

She wanted to lay him down and press against him.

'The fact that he likes me...'

Mini, who had the same taste in men as her fantasy pair partner, activated Scale magic.

As if magnifying an object, her body became so enormous it reached the ceiling.

"This won't do. I have no choice but to take special measures for the Five Great Stars' fatigue recovery."

Shirone looked up blankly and asked.

"Special measures?"

She loosened the front of her suit coat, revealing her cleavage as she spoke to Shirone.

"Come in. If you're buried in a woman's chest, you won't think about anything."

It certainly looked like there was enough room for Shirone to enter.

"No, I..."

He knew she enjoyed crude jokes, but this was the first time he'd seen her so boldly aggressive.

"That certainly makes sense."

Ariana stood up and approached, loosening her front just like Mini.

"Trust us. This is scientific. If you're buried in a woman's chest, all your worries will disappear."

Realizing this wasn't a joke, Shirone became frightened.

"Why are you all acting like this?"

"Mini, grab him."

Giant hands completely blocked his view as they approached.

"Wait! Just wait!"

He instinctively jumped onto the table, but the other hand flew over and grabbed Shirone.

Ariana shouted.

"Got him! Put him in! Put him in!"

"S-stop!"

Just as Mini was pulling Shirone toward her chest, the door opened and Mongin Luber entered.

"Five Great Stars."

Mini and Ariana's movements stopped abruptly, and Shirone's face reddened like someone caught in an embarrassing situation.

"Ah, Luber..."

Luber surveyed the situation in the house for a moment and smiled with his eyes.

"Did I interrupt a good time?"

"N-no! Please help me!"

Mini quietly set Shirone down on the floor, deactivated her Scale magic, and said.

"Ahem, so this is..."

Luber turned his head toward Mini.

His smiling expression remained the same, but the emotion in his eyes became murky and dark like a viper.

"Didn't I tell you to show respect to the Five Great Stars?"

The two women's postures became rigidly disciplined.

"We're sorry! He seemed to have too many worries lately, so we thought... chest..."

"Hmm."

The killing intent that had bound the two disappeared.

"That's true."

Luber approached Shirone and continued speaking.

"But the Five Great Stars' worries aren't at that level, so this time you two made a mistake."

Mini hung her head dejectedly.

"We're sorry."

The fact that his discipline was stricter than usual meant that Luber also understood the weight of the great assembly.

'Hmm.'

Indeed, Luber was quite tense.

'They should know better as 2-star level. Playing around like this.'

As the only one in the Integrated Space Management Department who had experienced a great assembly, he didn't appreciate the frivolous atmosphere.

'What happened?'

After observing Shirone for a moment, Luber blinked and turned his head.

"Monga, come out."

From behind Luber, a boy with an egg-white face and round eyes popped out sideways.

He was about the height of a five-year-old child, and his eyes, which took up half his face, were somewhat eerie.

"Hello. I'm Monga, the dream designer."

Luber introduced him to Shirone.

"This is my satellite, Monga. He's a Mongin like me. He handles various tasks under me."

Mini's eyes widened.

'Luber's satellite?'

Even while working together in the Integrated Space Management Department, she had never heard about Luber's satellite.

'Information about Mongin is severely lacking even in the Ivory Tower. But the fact that he's participating means...'

Ariana felt it too.

'This great assembly is no joke.'

Those who received the title of Star, especially the Five Great Stars, never retreated.

The acts they could perform to push through their convictions were nearly infinite, which is why the more allies, the better.

"Dream designer?"

As Shirone showed interest and looked down at Monga, a mischievous smile appeared on the boy's face.

The moment he rolled his pupils up to make eye contact with Shirone, the scenery began to distort.

'What?'

As time gradually began to flow slowly, only Monga opened his mouth wide and let out a strange cry.

"Kraaaaah!"

The thought that it was ridiculous lasted only briefly before the child's face melted into black liquid and attacked Shirone.

'I need to avoid...'

Like in a dream, the moment he had the thought, his movements slowed and the black liquid enveloped Shirone.

'Simple enough, even for a Five Great Star.'

Only Mongin could directly penetrate the REM region, the boundary between consciousness and unconsciousness.

They also had the tremendous advantage of being absolutely unavoidable, unlike other mental magic users.

'In dreams, I'm on top.'

Nightmare, demon.

One of Monga's abilities that absorbed the anxious emotions of dreamers to increase its size.

Grrrrrrrr.

The inner beast opened its eyes, and all the resentment Shirone harbored began to burn.

'W-what is this?'

It was growing endlessly.

Even the Mongin momentarily lost control in the face of enormous anger he had never encountered in any human's dream.

'He's supposed to be Yahweh? What kind of universal love is this?' Before the resentment that wouldn't be resolved even if the entire universe were destroyed, he was on the verge of tears.

'This is dangerous. At this rate, this human will die.'

Luber had told him not to go easy.

'Ah, whatever!'

When he removed the nightmare filter, Shirone's suppressed emotions expanded at virtually the speed of light.

"Uaaaaah..."

Monga realized how huge he had become and was terrified.

Even though dreams had no limits, he couldn't fathom the distance from one end of himself to the other.

'He lives carrying something like this?' He suddenly wondered.

'How can he endure it?'

Under normal circumstances, Shirone should have already died and the dream world should have closed.

'Where is he?'

Though trapped within Monga's embrace, he was too large to even locate his position.

After concentrating for a while, Monga finally sensed Shirone's form buried in the darkness.

Even while having a terrible nightmare, Shirone simply sat calmly with his eyes closed.

'Is this Yahweh's mind?' It wasn't that there was no anger.

'He's just enduring it.'

Though Monga had designed countless nightmares, this was the first time he encountered something so eerie and frightening.

Shirone's eyes slowly opened.

"Love."

In a moment that couldn't be called time, a thin flash of light pierced through the demon's darkness.

Even then, Monga didn't realize it.

'Huh?'

A stimulus rushing from an immeasurably distant place.

"Huh? Huhhh?"

The moment Monga realized it, the size of the flash expanded at the speed of light, burning not only the demon but the entire world.

"Uaaaaaaah!"

The momentary dream ended, and Monga, who had screamed, flew back as if struck and hit the wall.

"Uaaah! Uaaah!"

While Mini and Ariana looked bewildered, Luber's expression was serious.

'Monga, who designs nightmares, was terrified.'

What could have been so frightening?

The answer seemed to be told by Shirone's eyes, which were calmly looking straight ahead.

"I was wrong. I won't do it again." Seeing Monga's attitude of not being able to meet Shirone's eyes, Luber nodded.

'I think I understand.'

Monga had seen something in Shirone's heart that should never come out into this world.

'A dangerous double-edged sword.'

Ultimately, the moment universal love broke for any reason, this world would end.

"You've incurred Yahweh's wrath, Monga."

At Luber's attitude of speaking as if it were someone else's business, Monga pouted his lips pitifully.

Perhaps feeling some responsibility, Luber honestly confessed to Shirone.

"I apologize. My excessive concern before the great assembly was too much."

"That was quite a terrible nightmare."

Despite his words, his eyes were calm.

'If he's at this level, this great assembly might be manageable.'

It also made sense that Mini and Ariana, who had arrived here first, had relaxed their guard a bit.

"Let me explain. This is the second Ivory Tower Great Assembly since humanity's birth. We'll probably discuss the current situation, but along with that..."

Luber sighed and said.

"The atmosphere of the meeting will likely flow toward punishing Shirone."

Mini asked.

"Punishment? Who would punish a Five Great Star?"

"Of course, not Taesung. But it's a gathering where all five Five Great Stars from the departments will meet. Since the situation worsened due to the failure of <Legal Kill>, they'll definitely persist on that matter."

"I'm prepared for it."

At Shirone's words, Luber nodded.

"The current Five Great Star should be able to prepare for their attacks. And please take this." Luber took out <Legal Kill>.

"This is an item registered by Shirone. Since this is a place where nothing should be prepared carelessly, please take it."

It would also be good for making contact with Minerva, who was expected to be the only ally in this great assembly.

"But one person hasn't arrived yet, right?" He had heard there were 4 Stars belonging to the Integrated Space Management Department.

"Sorry!"

The door opened roughly and a woman with dark skin entered.

Mini put her hands on her hips and said.

"Why are you so late?"

"Yes! I'm late! Really sorry!" Her appearance in shabby martial arts clothes tied with a belt was exactly like a mountain girl.

Looking at her plump thighs like frog legs, Shirone asked Luber.

"This person is...?"

"Yes. This is Kira, a 1-star resident of the Integrated Space Management Department. She's an undead mage."

Kira bowed at a right angle.

"Hello! I'm Kira! And this is..."

A moment later, a giant skull over 2 meters tall strode in and placed a hand on Kira's shoulder.

"My satellite Etron! I found him in the mountains!"

The skull clacked its jaw instead of greeting.

"Shirone, myself, Mini, and Kira. These four belong to the Integrated Space Management Department. The total number of Stars is 12."

"Number of Stars?"

"Each department has a different total number of Stars. While it's a measure of prestige, don't worry about it. Some departments don't even have 4-stars, so it's not an absolute measure."

'I guess our department isn't that high-ranking.'

Luber spoke to the Stars.

"This is a gathering where all 27 members of the Ivory Tower, including Taesung, will meet. Never let your guard down."

"Yes!"

The Stars and satellites responded energetically.