[702] God of the Desert (1)

"Wow, this is really fun, isn't it?"

Hanging from Kaydra's sharp talons, Kido gazed with interest at the spectacular view of the city spread out a kilometer below.

"Kido, you're going to fall if you keep that up. You're afraid of heights, aren't you?"

"Hehe, you'll catch me, right?"

While everything was a new experience for Kido, Shirone's eyes were growing heavy with drowsiness.

"Kido, I want to sleep. Come back up now."

Kido climbed up Kaydra's body with skills surpassing even a rock climber.

"You want to sleep already?"

"We have to fly all day. Looking around isn't that fun anymore. I'll just sleep a little."

As Shirone lay down below Kaydra's spine, Kido took over the pilot's seat where Shirone had been sitting.

"Where..."

Shielding the sun with the back of his hand, the scenery stretching to the horizon was breathtakingly absorbed into his eyes.

"The world really is vast."

Someday, he wanted to reach the ends of the earth.

When Shirone woke from his nap, Kido was still sitting in the pilot's seat, taking in the scenery.

"Still looking?"

"Just, well. When would I get to see something like this again?"

As Rian stretched and got up, Shirone crawled along the spine.

"Where are we now?"

"We've left the city behind. For the past 30 minutes, all I've seen is desert."

It was the Akard Desert, the largest in the world.

"Look over there. People."

A procession of about 200 people was quickly crossing the desert dunes.

As the quick-witted Ratusa lowered altitude, merchants in black clothes and turbans came into view.

"They're really fast for being in the desert. What are they riding?"

They were furry beasts with abnormally long legs that showed no signs of fatigue even while climbing hills.

"They're animals called Baltan. They're specialized for desert environments and can survive seven days without drinking water."

"Even so, could they really cross the desert riding those things?"

"There are countless tribes in the Akard Desert. They'd naturally know the locations of oases too."

The merchants who spotted Kaydra all looked up at the sky simultaneously and drew crescent-shaped swords.

"Watch out! It's a monster bird!"

There were often cases where Kaydras flying over the desert couldn't bear their hunger and attacked desert tribes.

"Faster! Run faster!"

As over 200 Baltans simultaneously increased their speed, sand dust rose like enormous clouds.

Kido tilted his head.

"Why are they making such a fuss?"

"They must be scared seeing us. Let's climb higher."

Unless they were on the level of archmages, Kaydra was a terrifying Tier 3 monster.

"This won't do! Attack!"

The desperate merchants shot arrows upward, but they couldn't reach Kaydra and fell in parabolic arcs.

"Oh? They're attacking us?"

Kido stood up and pulled on Ratusa's reins.

"What are you trying to do? Let's just climb higher."

"Have you ever seen a goblin just leave? They threw the first punch, so we need to show our skills too."

"They can't even hit us anyway."

"Don't worry. I'm just going to mess with them a little. Let's go, Ratusa! Show them how fast we are!"

Kido gave the command, but for a monster bird that flies 7,000 kilometers a day, earthbound affairs were merely bothersome.

"Hey! Move! Can't you hear what I'm saying?"

That's when a brilliant idea suddenly occurred to Kido.

"Aha! Don't tell me you're afraid of getting hit by arrows?"

Kaydra's eyes filled with intensity.

"Hehe, they call you a monster bird, but you're actually a coward. In the end, you're just a fast bird, aren't you?"

Keeaaaa!

Ratusa let out a monster bird cry and dove vertically, gliding swiftly over the sea of sand.

The terrified merchants simultaneously raised their arrows.

"It's coming! Fire!"

Ice dagger spells from mages were mixed among the shower of arrows, but they couldn't even scratch Kaydra's body.

"Kido! Just a little slower!"

Seeing the ground flowing at such speed made them finally feel just how fast Kaydra was.

"Wahhh! Get out of the way!"

Just before collision, Kaydra gained altitude, and the merchants were covered in sand dust.

"Ptui! Ptui! Damn it! What the hell was that?"

Toward the merchants looking up at the sky with confused expressions, Kido thrust out his clenched fist.

"Bwahahaha! How's that? Be more careful next time!"

Shirone sighed and said,

"I've been curious for a while - why do goblins like tormenting others so much?"

"Hehehe! Obviously because it's fun. Goblins don't live as complicated lives as humans. Even dying isn't that serious a matter. So what's the big deal if others suffer a little?"

"But you understand humans, don't you?"

"Of course I do. But you see, if it doesn't feel serious, there's nothing I can do about it."

Kido shrugged.

"Who knows, maybe if I eat more humans, someday I'll come to have a human heart."

It was the most inhuman thing he could have said.

After flying for another two hours, Shirone rubbed his hungry stomach and said,

"I'm hungry. Let's land and eat something."

While they could eat during flight, his stomach was churning from being in the sky so long.

"Ratusa, let's rest over there for a bit."

When he pointed to an oasis 4 kilometers away, Kaydra circled widely to check for danger.

'It's been properly trained.'

Arriving at the wasteland and walking to find shade, they found a half-destroyed wagon collapsed behind a cactus.

"What's this?"

It seemed to have been abandoned for a long time.

Rian approached casually and lifted the tarp of the cargo compartment to look inside.

"...Shirone, I think you need to come see this."

A corpse that seemed to have been dead for quite some time lay in the cargo compartment with its neck bent.

Kido, who had checked the other side of the wagon, said,

"There's a person here too. Dead, of course."

It was the corpse of a woman collapsed against the wagon, and the corpse of a girl lying with her head on the woman's lap.

When he turned the jaw of the girl, who was almost nothing but bones, her face rolled off with a pop.

Startled with an "Eek," Kido now examined the woman's corpse.

"Hmm."

He tore off flesh remaining on the skull and put it in his mouth.

"Ptui. Ptui."

It wasn't in an edible state.

Rummaging through her belongings, he pulled out a coin purse and shook it open, causing two copper coins to fall out.

"..."

After looking briefly, he sneakily pocketed them when Shirone approached and said,

"How is it? Did you find anything?"

"Not much. No flesh left, and only two copper coins for money."

When discovering corpses, the meaning of "searching" was completely different for humans and goblins.

"I found a notebook inside the wagon."

As Shirone opened the notebook, Rian and Kido approached from both sides and peered over.

The writing was in Kashan language and looked like a diary.

"Rian, can you read it?"

Most nobles tend to learn one of the languages of the Three Empires - Kashan, Gustav, or Jincheon - as part of their education.

"I can manage everyday conversation, but I don't know the writing."

"Really? I heard that in Tormia, most people choose Kashan as their cultured language."

"I did too."

"..."

It was time for the ultimate sense.

"I'll decode it. So..."

Opening the Ultima System, the general feeling contained in the writing was transmitted to his mind.

"It seems to be a family that fled from a tribal war. I don't know the exact date, but it says the daughter got heat stroke."

"That's a common disease in the desert. But since they're desert people, they should have had fever medicine, right?"

"I don't know. Maybe they couldn't bring it while fleeing?"

Rian examined the wagon again.

"There are no signs of attack. Was it really heat stroke?"

"This is written here."

Shirone pointed to the last page.

"The god of the desert comes, swallowing emptiness."

Kido gaped blankly.

"What does that mean? They died of emptiness?"

"It could be suicide."

Shirone nodded at Rian's words.

"I'm bothered by how the mother and daughter's corpses are placed side by side. The husband might have gone mad, or from heat stroke aftereffects..."

Kido's head twisted toward outside the oasis.

"Shirone, something's coming."

It was something only he could sense due to his mastery of earth's laws, and then Kaydra stood up with hostile body language.

"There are tons of them! They're incredibly fast!"

The moment Kido finished speaking, sand began to ripple like a mirage in the distance, then a swarm of King Scorpions appeared, dominating the entire field of vision.

"Ahhhhh! What is that!"

Just seeing the desert-colored scorpions, each two meters long, swarming about was heart-stopping.

"They're not targeting us. That's a great migration. Did an earthquake happen somewhere?"

Kido turned toward Kaydra.

"Does that matter? Let's get out of here!"

"No! We have to stop them here!"

"Why!"

Shirone said with a serious expression,

"If they continue like this, they might collide with the merchants."

Given the scale of the migration, there was a very high probability the merchants wouldn't be able to avoid the scorpion swarm.

"Damn it!"

Kido grabbed his spear and approached Shirone's side.

"You want to kill all of those? There are so many!"

"That's exactly it, Kido."

Shirone kicked off the ground and leaped forward.

"Humans are complicated."

As Rian followed behind Shirone, Kido, who had been watching blankly, desperately leaped forward.

"Ah, whatever!"

Instantly wedging himself between the two, he jumped into the King Scorpion swarm and crouched down.

"Might as well earn some meat money!"

Two hours later.

The corpses of over a thousand King Scorpions covered the area around the oasis, each in grotesque states.

"Whoa! Whoa!"

At the site where Shirone's group had finished their battle and left, a bandit group of 40 people stopped their Omeks.

If Baltan were the horses of the desert, Omeks were the hyenas of the desert, characterized by long manes, wolf-like faces, and sharp fangs.

While they had the disadvantage of being carnivorous and thus difficult to feed, their mobility was incomparable to Baltans.

"...Did some war god descend?"

Though the Maga Bandit Group was renowned as the most powerful bandit group in the Akard Desert recently, even to their eyes, the current spectacle was not normal.

"Vice-captain, the King Scorpions moving north means..."

"Right. Noskarta is coming."

Noskarta, the god of the desert.

Due to the geographical characteristics of the Akard Desert connecting north and south based on the equator, the pressure differences from temperature changes were enormous.

Noskarta was the name for an extremely rare equatorial wind, a desert tsunami accompanied by tremendous masses of sandstorms.

"There are no traces of movement in the northern dunes. They probably went south."

"They're crazy. The only place they could reach before the desert god arrives would be Bangard at best, even at top speed."

The fact that King Scorpions had come this far meant Noskarta was already passing the equator.

"What's there to worry about? Let's head north quickly too."

As the subordinate said this and turned around, the vice-captain spotted someone rapidly approaching on an Omek.

"It's the captain! Everyone stand at attention!"

As everyone examining the King Scorpion corpses stood with stern expressions, the captain's Omek came to a stop.

"Captain."

A woman who had joined the bandit group a month ago and risen to the captain's position in just one hour, pushing aside the vice-captain.

No one had objected.

Without her, they wouldn't have even been able to dream of dominating this vast Akard Desert.

She's not human. She's a beast. No, the god of beasts.

Those were the farewell words of the vice-captain who had knelt before the captain's single strike.

"...Someone was here."

The fact that she, who had reached the extreme of animalistic senses, bothered to use language was remarkable in itself.

"Yes. It seems they dealt with everything in a short time."

The captain dismounted her Omek and approached with a curved blade slung over her shoulder, her torn clothing revealing her breasts.

Though the bandit group was full of men who couldn't resist women, none dared to look at her body.

"I smell yaksha."

Park Nyeo, 9th in the Council of Ten hierarchy.

Currently leading the Maga Bandit Group under orders from La Enemy to carry out some mission.

"Two of them, even."