Law War (3)

Ivory Tower, 230th Floor.

No one could move.

Taesung was captured by Sting, and Sting was preventing the fates of Yin and Yang from being twisted.

"Phew."

Laska, who had guided Shirone to this place, regained consciousness and slowly stood up.

Sting's eyebrows twitched.

'Damn it.'

With the balance of power precisely matched, Laska was the only variable.

"Well then, what do we do now?"

Laska smiled as he approached them.

Yin shed tears.

"Now we're all doomed. That bandit is going to kill us. He'll start by breaking our fingers. Then he'll tear my body to shreds..."

Laska's nickname was the Butcher.

"Hmph! Go ahead and try it. Just because you're holding Taesung doesn't mean anything. If you change targets, I can take care of a guy like that in no time. I'll smash him in one second and grab Taesung again."

Yang spoke bravely, but Sting's thoughts were closer to Yin's.

'I can't let go of Taesung. Even if it means death, I have to keep her tied down here.'

Taesung turned her gaze to Laska.

'Let me go.'

Even without speaking, he belonged to Shirone's faction and would make the right judgment.

'Sister.'

Laska recalled Minerva's words.

"You think Sting is right?"

The Human Safety Enforcement Agency had decided to follow Shirone, but her words were shocking.

"Yes. Taesung is an administrator connected to the outside world. As long as we don't know her true intentions, it won't hurt to be careful. Sting knows this too. He's taken on the role of the villain."

"Then we should just join Sting's faction, right?"

Minerva fell silent.

"Is it because of Shirone?"

"We are the ones who brought chaos to the world. I don't think we have the right to voice opinions on such matters."

"Tch, who cares? So what do you really want to do? Just do that."

"I just..."

Minerva looked back at Laska.

"I hope the world Shirone desires will come. I hope no one gets hurt."

'Needlessly soft-hearted.'

Turning around, Laska walked to the outer wall and placed his palm against the glass window.

When he cast metal magic, there was a grinding sound as a clean hole was punched through.

Taesung spoke with a panicked expression.

"Laska."

"Sorry, but I don't want to get involved in this situation. Honestly, I don't even understand what you're all talking about."

He was worried about Minerva.

"Don't worry. I'll stop the demons. You can stay here and play house nicely."

Looking at the blizzard's curtain, he burst out with the roar of steel.

"Laska!"

Taesung called out, but all that returned was the sharp sound of cutting through the wind.

Shirone quickly descended the tower.

After Borborr's death, the Ivory Tower residents who followed Sting had not appeared.

'Mourning.'

It was their own form of mourning.

"Baal has climbed to the 80th floor. The cumulative death toll is 764."

At Mica's words, Shirone gritted his teeth.

Even if they hadn't earned stars, the Ivory Tower residents included world-class powerhouses.

'They're being helplessly overwhelmed.'

Ding-dong, ding-dong - the clear sound of a bell, impossible to gauge the distance, rang in his ears like an auditory hallucination.

"Wind Sound."

Since it would probably be unavoidable, Shirone extended the Hand of God.

The entire 112th floor was swept by a storm, and the artificial trees were uprooted and blown away.

When the wind calmed, a man in white clothes was visible at the entrance leading downward.

"Mr. Arte."

Arte, a 3-star resident belonging to the Balance Department, with the satellite Tokai sitting on his shoulder.

"There's no time for this. Baal is climbing up while massacring the Ivory Tower residents."

"I know."

Shirone pulled out his secret weapon.

"Borborr is..."

"I know. I heard from Mr. Tanjura. She asked us to let the Five Great Stars go."

Arte lowered his fan and spoke coldly.

"If she requested it with her death, I can bend my principles for a few hours."

Tokai's face, resembling a fire ant, looked sad.

"Even from a demon's perspective, she was a good person. To think she would leave like this."

Shirone asked.

"Then why are you blocking me? Even at this moment, residents are dying."

"You speak as if... the Five Great Stars won't die by Baal's sword."

"What?"

"The reason I'm blocking you is because if you go down like this, you'll die a dog's death."

Of course, he knew of Baal's strength.

'Hell's Army.'

Being the 1st Corps Commander meant he was one of the strongest beings in the underworld.

"I might die. But I have no choice but to fight. I can't run away."

"No. You must run away."

Tokai spoke.

"Shirone, surely no being has more than a 50% chance of winning against you, but this time is different. You have to think about Baal's demon realm."

"Deadly Cross."

Arte said.

"Baal's military power is Hell's strongest. But that's not the end of it. If the Five Great Stars try to annihilate him, he will definitely open his demon realm."

The result would be meteor impact, a force that could instantly end human history.

"But he's not weak enough to be dealt with by stalling for time either. There must be preparation for the demon realm."

"Do you have a plan in mind?"

A woman's voice was heard.

"I'll explain."

When Shirone turned around, a woman with concentric circle pupils was walking toward them.

This was the first time meeting her in person, but if she was equipped with a telescope, there was only one person in the Ivory Tower.

"Ms. Bipa."

She was the Ivory Tower's weapons system supervisor.

"I saw Baal fighting directly. The demon's ability, Rigid Will. There's nothing absolute in combat, but he's not an easy opponent even if the Ivory Tower's stars attack together."

Shirone readily agreed.

'Rigid Will is...'

A kind of divine transcendence.

The will to cut is directly projected onto the sword, with theoretically no limits.

'Originally, hidden codes provide demons with combat convenience that destroys logic, but...'

Baal is different.

'This isn't a cheat. Rather, because he has tremendous will, it becomes the strongest ability.'

A true swordsman.

Regardless of ability values, this was precisely why Shirone evaluated Baal as a formidable enemy.

Bipa continued her explanation.

"Baal is climbing up from the 1st floor, killing all the residents. If he reaches the top in that manner, it would be considered that he has destroyed the Ivory Tower."

The simple judgment was also swordsman-like.

"Thanks to that, we've gained time. The core of the strategy is the 99th floor - the Ivory Tower's internal power engine room."

Bipa pointed downward.

"There are 3,200 large 68-ton batteries installed there. It's the power used for the environmental circulation system from floors 100 to 199. We plan to reverse this system to create a powerful magnetic field."

Shirone made a disgusted expression.

"The tower won't be intact. It would be like a railgun firing 68-ton projectiles."

"Right. The tower shouldn't be intact. Because I'm planning to blow up the 99th floor."

"If we strengthen the magnetic field, all 3,200 batteries will simultaneously shoot out 360 degrees forward. Bang! Baal will get blown away too. If the outer wall of the 99th floor is destroyed by more than 72%, it won't be able to withstand the load and the upper tower will come down. The 28% resistance will absorb the vibration at the moment of collision. Thud. That way, the 100th floor will be precisely driven into the 98th floor. Kuuuuuu—"

Bipa took a pose as if driving down the tower, shaking all ten fingers and spreading her arms.

From that sight, Shirone realized.

'Is she crazy?'

If the calculations were even slightly wrong, the tower would tilt and crash into the ground.

"We can neither kill Baal nor leave him alone. Then the best option is to blow him outside. It's a clear answer, isn't it?"

'Where have I seen this before?'

He felt déjà vu from her appearance of speaking absurd things very calmly.

"Gear mark."

High Gear's tutorial administrator - Bipa pouted her lips.

"I'm not particularly interested in reality, but it's unpleasant when my house gets blown away."

Arte interjected.

"How long will that work take?"

"At least 30 minutes are needed. I have to hack the main system. Please stop Baal from coming up during that time. From as far away as possible."

Shirone opened his mouth.

"Mica."

"Baal's current position is the 82nd floor. With Tanjura evacuating residents, his movement speed is expected to increase. The position where you can stop him in minimum time is the 86th floor."

The 86th floor.

'Then there are 13 floors remaining.'

Shirone said.

"I'll depart now. I'll stop Baal for 30 minutes, so please make the operation succeed."

Please let this not be a crazy stunt.

As the flash of teleportation left the floor, Arte looked at Bipa and asked.

"Just curious, but which side are you on? Sting? Or Shirone?"

"Of course..."

Bipa only smiled.

A single ray of light descended along the outer wall of the Ivory Tower, drawing a spiral pattern.

Arriving at the 86th floor, a swordsman holding a purple long sword appeared at the entrance across from him.

'Baal.'

With black hair falling to his shoulders, he had a more beautiful appearance than humans.

"Yahweh."

He didn't speak the word "abomination."

"Do not block my path. By Satan's command, I will erase the Ivory Tower from the world."

"Why the Ivory Tower now of all times?"

Even Baal couldn't read Satan's intentions, but one thing was certain.

"Evil is defined by intelligence."

If intelligence doesn't exist, evil is merely pure chaos.

"We are not calamity, Yahweh."

As Baal emitted a purple aura, all the plants on the 86th floor began to twist.

'This is Rigid Will.'

The moment that aura was contained in his sword, Baal swung his sword at Shirone.

The motion was so fast it looked slow, and Shirone struck back with Hexa.

'Hand of God!'

As the two forces collided, the 86th floor, evacuated of residents, was devastated.

Golden flashes spread, and purple flashes passed through them like spider webs.

'Fast.'

It was ironic that the pinnacle of hidden codes beyond logic resembled divine transcendence, but...

'Baal is real.'

A strike with power comparable to Lian's blow sent Shirone, wrapped in Miracle Stream, flying upward.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Each time he broke through the ceiling, a count was tallied in Shirone's mind.

'87th floor. 88th floor. 89th floor.'

Feeling like he'd be pushed all the way to the 99th floor if he stayed dazed, Shirone applied the brakes.

'Already pushed back six floors.'

Stopping at the 92nd floor, Shirone raised the Hand of God and cast Photon Cannon.

The moment Baal's figure was caught through the gap he broke through.

'There.'

The Photon Cannon struck down vertically, drilling a huge hole in the center of the floor.

Baal desperately summoned the energy of Rigid Will.

"Kruuuuuh!"

91st floor, 90th floor, 89th floor, 88th floor...

"Hiyaaaa!"

As purple light slashed vertically, the Photon Cannon split in two and scattered.

"Phew!"

Breathing out heavily, Baal looked toward the entrance and confirmed which floor he was on.

85th floor.

"Yahweh..."

For the first time, a demon showed in his face.