HIGH GEAR (4)

Those unleashing crossfire at Shirone were thinking the same thing.

'What is this?'

His movements weren't particularly fast or graceful.

'Such minute differences.'

'Tenman No. 10', who served as squad leader of the Tenmen, observed the situation from higher ground.

'Such minute differences indeed.'

It was a gap of just a few centimeters that the AI's auto-aim couldn't detect.

'He's dodging by sight. But is that even possible? Even with Level 10 AI...'

Seeing bullets didn't make sense.

'It's a system error. Should I file an official complaint? Though I'd rather not get involved with the operators.'

The Tenmen's activity of hunting beginners was, in some sense, also exploiting the system.

Tenman No. 10 shouted.

"Eliminate blind spots! Don't aim at the target - use predictive fire on the space!"

As bullets blocked his escape route, Shirone's steps began to falter as he ran toward higher ground.

'Damn it!'

The moment he twisted his body, he could see a black bullet spinning just one meter ahead.

Shirone concentrated even harder.

Spirit Zone was impossible, but his concentration mechanism itself was unparalleled.

As his senses shot to their limit, the bullet's rotation slowed down enough to be visible.

'Almost blocked.'

Abandoning the high ground capture, Shirone threw himself toward the only available escape route.

As he entered a depression in the scrap metal pile, countless bullets struck the edges around him.

The sound of shattering metal left his ears ringing.

"Whew!"

Time's flow returned to normal, and Shirone counted with his back to the enemies.

'One, two...'

Concentrating again.

'Three!'

As he sprang up and turned around, black dots were embedded in the slow-motion landscape.

Shirone raised his rifle.

Before the AI could lock on target, he aimed at an enemy's head 20 meters away.

A single bullet pierced through the barrage of fire and penetrated the helmet.

"Gah!"

With a clang, the enemy fell backward and rolled down beneath the scrap pile.

Tenman No. 10's brow furrowed.

'Penetration?'

The hit Tenman couldn't move and disappeared to the start point shortly after.

"Hmm."

Something was strange.

'Even for a system error, this is too severe. According to Tenmen's investigation, Yahweh2's level is 3.'

This was a fact that could be determined just by knowing the number of creatures killed.

'Only 20% recoil compensation. Even slight curvature would make penetration impossible. He precisely aimed at the penetration point in that split second while bullets were raining down?'

He couldn't reach any conclusion.

Even while he was lost in thought, Shirone continued eliminating the Tenmen one by one.

When their numbers had dwindled to seven, Strongest Codename, who was hiding behind cover, spoke up.

"Let's fight too."

Death Princess was reluctant.

"Are you crazy? If those guys mark us, we won't even be able to leave the start point. This codename cost 100 million galactic credits."

"We're already marked. If we can't break through here, we'll have to launder our codenames again. If we just send Tenmen Squad 1 back to the start point, we can get out of Iron Homeland."

"But if we die in the process, we'll have to start over from the start point. Let's just watch and think about it if Yahweh2 wipes them out. If things go bad, we can just run."

Destruction God 707 agreed.

"Right. The risk factor is too high. There's no need to fight unnecessarily. Besides, that guy owes us a debt."

"Didn't you see him dodging bullets?"

Strongest Codename looked around at his friends.

"Do you think the three of us charging together could catch that guy? What if Yahweh2 kills us?"

"Just do it. Let's go. If we miss this opportunity, who knows how long we'll be stuck here."

Destruction God 707 grimaced.

"Aw, damn..."

Using that as a signal flare, all three simultaneously emerged from cover and fired their rifles on full auto.

"Eat this, you bastards!"

As gunfire came from an unexpected direction, the Tenmen's firepower was split in two directions.

Amid the mounting casualties, Shirone delivered headshots to the fallen Tenmen.

'100% accuracy?'

Tenman No. 10's face contorted.

'How annoying.'

The Tenmen's Level 10 AI couldn't suppress Yahweh2.

"We'll see about this."

Jumping down from the top of the scrap pile, he ran toward their hideout while ending the recording.

A video file was created.

'Illegal program... A major guild must be involved. Dong Nation? Or West Nation?'

Anywhere was fine as long as there was money to be made.

Tenman No. 10 contacted someone using Selective Option's communication function.

Communication Level 10: User Codename Sancho.

"Boss."

He spoke quietly.

"Block the exit."

Destruction God 707 was gasping for breath.

"Hurry! Hurry!"

The ammunition belt he was wearing jangled, and his loose helmet strap kept banging against his head.

Shirone caught up and asked.

"Why are you in such a rush?"

"We need to get out of Iron Homeland before the Tenmen gather! From now on, forget about fighting. We're making a straight run for the exit."

"What if they chase us?"

Death Princess said.

"Once we're out of Iron Homeland, it's over. From then on, even if we die, we'll respawn at different start points."

"Ah."

In the end, it came down to a single step's difference.

"We're almost there. But..."

At the loud gunfire erupting from the exit area, Strongest Codename's face darkened.

"This will be hard to break through."

There were over ten enemies, even though the recently killed Tenmen should still be at the start point.

Shirone devised a strategy.

"I'll fight while you escape through the exit."

"What? Then what about you?"

"I can fight again even if I die, but this is a good opportunity for you guys. Do as I say."

The three exchanged glances.

'What ridiculous guys.'

To say he'd sacrifice himself for complete strangers in High Gear.

Shirone smiled and said.

"In exchange, we're even on the debt now, right?"

In fact, kill-stealing in High Gear was common under the law of the jungle.

"Tch! You're making us look like the bad guys."

Destruction God 707, firmly pressing down his helmet, burst forward shouting.

"Get out no matter what! Once we're out of here, I'll help you level up big time!"

"I'm counting on you, hero."

So said Strongest Codename as he followed, and Death Princess looked back at Shirone.

"Thanks."

Shirone's chest swelled with emotion.

'It's not fake.'

Even if this was a world made entirely of lies, there were real people living within it.

'Then I can fight.'

Taking out three grenades, Shirone pulled the safety pins one after another with his teeth as he ran.

"Over here!"

The moment he shouted, the grenades flew, and Tenmen from all directions began firing.

KABOOOOM!

In the roar of explosions, Destruction God 707's group scattered, running in zigzag patterns.

"AAAHHH! AAAHHH!"

Even in a simulation world, the tension of running toward the goal line was beyond imagination.

'I'm getting out! I will get out! If I die here, I'll be too embarrassed to ever play High Gear again!'

Grenades exploded and the ground shook.

Destruction God 707 threw himself down and crawled on his belly.

'I was going to half-ass it and call it quits. It's all because of that guy. When someone approaches you so sincerely like that...'

You can't keep being fake.

Rising in the smoke where he couldn't see an inch ahead, he ran recklessly.

'Please! Please!'

Suddenly, he saw a human silhouette outside the smoke.

"Ugh!"

He tried to stop urgently, but collision was unavoidable, and both people rolled on the ground.

"Hey! Are you okay?"

When he opened his eyes, he saw Death Princess's face, with Strongest Codename standing beside them.

"Don't tell me?"

Location information appeared on Destruction God 707's retina.

Electronic Wasteland.

"We made it out."

Sitting up abruptly, he had no time to celebrate as he looked back toward Iron Homeland.

"What about Yahweh2?"

As the dead Tenmen disappeared one by one, he could see Yahweh2 bleeding from his thigh.

"Damn! Anyway...!"

Just as Destruction God 707 was preparing to run, Strongest Codename grabbed his shoulder.

"Stop. If you go in now, the start point will reset. We need to stay here."

"Are you crazy? He can't win against that."

Codename Sancho entered Destruction God 707's field of vision.

"It's a Parts user."

Sancho's right arm was a massive machine, hardly recognizable as human.

Unique Item Craner.

A Level 10 exclusive Parts obtainable with extremely low probability in Iron Homeland.

As Shirone glared while gasping for breath, Sancho looked back at Tenman No. 10.

"Is that the guy you were talking about?"

Tenman No. 10, kneeling on one knee while clutching his abdomen, nodded.

"Hurry up. I'm about to die. Try catching him before turning him over to the operators. There's money in it."

"Heh heh, money's good."

As Sancho raised his right arm, dozens of cylinders mounted on the Craner moved simultaneously.

"Yahweh2, huh. Nice codename. First, get on your knees. Crawl between my legs and I'll let you out."

Shirone asked.

"Why play this way? Fighting is content, but there's no need to cause humiliation."

Sancho spread both arms.

"What's different once you get out of here? Honestly, which of you hasn't been beaten by rankers?"

Destruction God 707's group nodded.

"Issuing kill orders to crush you, destroying items you've collected for years, raising their bootlickers. We're no different from them, right?"

"That may be so. But the users who did that to you aren't here."

"Exactly."

As the Level 10 High Gear activated, the massive Craner lifted as light as a feather.

"It's fun, you see."

Sancho gripped a car weighing over a ton.

"What's the surprise? First time seeing Parts?"

The scrap metal crumpled and was firmly fixed in his grip, then explosive energy burst forth.

"HYAAAAH!"

As the metal chunk was thrown like a cannonball, Shirone's eyes widened as he threw himself aside.

"Ugh!"

Rolling on the ground, he fired his rifle, but the back of Craner's hand deflected all the bullets.

"KAHAHA! I'm the king here!"

Sancho grabbed and threw massive objects indiscriminately.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Shirone dodged with all his might, but sensation was disappearing from his injured leg.

'This is troublesome. I can't penetrate that mechanical arm with guns. The only method is attacking from behind, but...'

The problem was the difference in power.

"Damn! If only Yahweh2 were Level 10, or even Level 8, he would have won. Craner is a large-type Parts."

When power was concentrated in one Parts, output in other areas would normally decrease.

Death Princess pointed at the battlefield.

"L-look there...!"

Having cornered Shirone in a dead end, Sancho raised his right arm menacingly.

"This is the end!"

As High Gear reached maximum output, Craner moved at tremendous speed.

'I can't dodge this.'

In the slowly flowing time, Shirone saw scratches carved into the steel fist.

At that moment, the scratches trembled and the fist began deviating from its original trajectory.

'Vibration.'

Simultaneously twisting his waist to the opposite side, Craner struck the scrap metal behind with a bang.

'Now!'

Having gotten behind Sancho for the first time, Shirone immediately raised his rifle and aimed at his head.

RATATATATATAN!

It was an undoubtable headshot.

"GAHH!"

The massive Sancho collapsed, and Shirone gasped for breath while lost in thought.

'Why did the Parts shake?'

It was because he had missed the sound while in his concentrated state.

"Yahweh2, are you okay?"

Shirone quickly turned his head.

"You guys..."

Destruction God 707, Strongest Codename, and Death Princess had entered Iron Homeland.

Smoke was rising from their rifles.