Giant Manipulation (3)

Sirone gazed with sad eyes at his planet that was endlessly drifting away.

'It's so small...

Why can't it be unified?

I fought desperately for humanity, but I don't think I was able to save even a single person's life.

The Ultima System.

To dream of a world where we know what's right, acknowledge differences, and everyone is precious...

"Is that such a foolish thing?"

If you become strong enough to protect the entire world, listen to everyone's stories.

Guffin's words came to mind.

'I'm sorry.'

I guess I'm not as strong as father.

Tears flowed from the sorrow of not being understood and the longing for Guffin.

Ikael watched him.

'How difficult it must be.' Without Guffin, even she wouldn't be able to fully embrace Yahweh's heart.

As Sirone wiped his tears and entered his room, Ikael placed her hand on Amy's shoulder.

"Go to him."

"But... do I have the right to do that?"

What words could she offer?

"Rights don't matter. Just be by his side. That alone will be a great strength."

Just as Guffin had been for Ikael.

"Yes."

Amy gathered her courage and walked to the door.

"Sirone."

When she entered the room, Sirone, who had been sniffling, hurriedly covered his face and stood up.

"Huh? Yeah."

"Is something wrong?"

That planet that had now drifted so far away.

"No, it's nothing."

She knew that Sirone wouldn't talk about what happened during the simultaneous event.

"It's really hard, isn't it?"

When Amy sat beside him and patted his back, Sirone buried himself in her embrace.

Amy was momentarily surprised, but seeing Sirone's trembling shoulders, she became calm again.

She whispered as she asked.

"What's wrong?"

"...I feel like I'm ruining everything."

Amy's eyes reddened.

"The idea of saving everyone ended up making it impossible to save even one person. Everything's a mess. Now I don't even know what I'm fighting for anymore. Mr. Lufist is right. The world would be better off without me."

"That's not true."

Amy stroked Sirone's head.

"It's just a path that's a little longer than others. You can't see the end, so it feels like you've lost your way. But you're running straight. From when I first met you...

A fearful boy who knew nothing of the world.

"Until now."

Until he became Yahweh.

"I've never once disliked you."

Sniff. When Sirone stopped crying and pulled away from her embrace, Amy smiled mischievously.

"Hey, Ultima."

Her fist lightly tapped Sirone's chest.

Not knowing how to react, he blinked, and she shyly averted her gaze as she said.

"People can't understand you because they can see their own destinations. But you're not alone. No matter how far you go, there are people who will go with you to the end. Me, our friends, Ikael..."

"Amy."

As Sirone began to tear up again, Amy came closer and hugged him face-to-face.

"You're not wrong. I believe that."

"...Yeah."

The tears hadn't stopped yet, but now Sirone could move forward again.

Ivory Tower, 230th Floor.

Taeseong, bound by the power of Taegeuk, looked at Cing with cold eyes.

"Cing, we..."

The moment Taeseong's mouth opened.

"Guk!"

Yin and Yang simultaneously grimaced, and the power of Taegeuk began to collapse.

'Why?'

The fate of Gemini had been twisted by the pyramids erected around the world.

"Lord Cing! The laws are changing!" Yang shouted.

"Ahhh! It's all over! The universe will be destroyed! Everything's finished!"

Yin wailed.

As the binding force weakened exponentially, Taeseong looked left and right, then suddenly bolted.

Cing shouted.

"Stop!"

Law's Extreme Great Force Penetration.

The obsession that destroys probability completely froze the laws of this moment.

"Hah. Hah."

Yin and Yang panted.

'I've stopped the collapse of Taegeuk for now. But this way, Lord Cing can't move either.'

Taeseong, bound again, showed a pained expression.

"Cing, please don't do this."

"So you were trying to kill me after all."

"No! I was trying to help you! If Baal destroys the Ivory Tower...!"

"Shut up. I don't want to hear words from an illusion. I will judge, and I will act."

Taeseong sobbed.

"Why won't you believe me? You know. I've been fighting for humans, to protect my children."

Cing's nose bridge twisted.

"...You can't prove it."

Evidence that beings other than myself aren't illusions.

"When humanity's fate is at the edge of a cliff, this is never just empty talk. If I can't prove this proposition, Cell Buster might destroy humanity."

"I'll stop it. I'll persuade Argones. He'll definitely listen to me."

"I told you to shut up!"

As his obsession grew stronger, Taeseong's mouth stiffened, and Cing's body was also fixed to the world.

While First Corps Commander Baal rapidly descended the tower, Sirone faced great resistance.

"Damn it! Why do we have to fight this much?"

"Five Great Stars! Give up!"

When he reached the 172nd floor, many residents who followed Cing's philosophy were positioned there.

"Catch him on this floor!"

Even though they were ordinary residents, they were people called the greatest intellectuals in their respective countries.

Most pressingly, among the residents pressuring Sirone were some of the world's 100 most dangerous individuals.

"Five Great Stars! I refute you with my death!"

"Guk!"

When an old man drew a dagger and tried to slit his throat, Sirone rushed forward.

Having taken away the dagger, he shouted.

"Stop it! Why are you doing this?"

From the rooftop of a square four-story building, a man in a suit reached out and shouted.

"For the penetration of truth!"

"Blik."

One of the world's 100 most dangerous individuals, with a record of embezzling 13 trillion gold through financial fraud.

"Sirone, you are wrong. Why don't you understand that one judgment of yours could destroy all humanity?"

"No. I will protect them."

At his unwavering gaze, Blik sighed.

"There's no choice. I respect you, but..."

He pointed below.

"I will destroy."

Looking where his finger pointed, a woman was strangling her husband's neck.

"No!"

When Sirone teleported and pushed her away, the iron door slammed shut.

Without time to look back, he was checking the husband's life and death when he heard a thudding sound.

The woman was banging her head against the wall.

"Ahhhhh!"

Sirone kicked off the ground and rushed forward, catching her head against his chest.

"Guk! Please just... Miracle Stream to knock her out and."

"Stop it already!"

Thud. The woman collapsed at the same time the building's lights came on.

Surveying ahead, Sirone's eyes shook with shock.

"This is..."

Residents were in traps set up everywhere, all connected by complex mechanical devices.

'Where should I start?'

He analyzed the mechanisms with his characteristic insight, but they were so complex his mind felt dizzy.

'No, more than that...'

More complex was the design of the heart.

'I can't save them all.'

The basic mechanism was that saving the resident on the left would kill the resident on the right.

'On top of that, distinguishing between men, women, elderly, and young, the intensity of pain, types of death, even the condition of corpses...'

It was a trap with every calculation that could attack Sirone's heart.

Just from the device's characteristics, he could tell who the designer was.

'Pito. Decker. Magrasia.'

A masterpiece created by the world's 100 most dangerous individuals: a maze designer, drug researcher, cult leader, and others.

"We will convey our will." When Pito, trapped in an iron cage, cut the rope with a knife, a giant blade headed for his neck.

"Guk!"

Without time to make a judgment, Sirone rushed forward and spread Miracle Stream.

As the smoke of light caught the blade, a syringe in the opposite cage descended.

"Heuuuu!"

The woman who had the needle inserted in her wrist trembled violently as poison was injected.

Sirone pulled out the needle while thinking.

'If I pull this out...'

Seven cages would catch fire, and three cages would fall through the opened floor below.

"Damn it!"

The Ivory Tower residents were people who grasped Yahweh's essence and used even their own lives as ammunition.

'Why go this far...'

Their conviction struck Sirone's mind.

'Am I really wrong?'

After extinguishing the burning cages, he went down again and caught the falling cages.

'This is the only route.'

The calculation was complete, but Blik's design was cruelly perfect.

'I was fooled.'

It was a trap designed to look solvable when there was actually no correct answer.

All the traps visible in the building activated, driving the residents toward death.

That very sight became ammunition that pierced his heart.

"Ah?..."

Everyone's dying.

'I'm ruining everything. Because of me, they wouldn't have died if it weren't for me...'

Perhaps the Ivory Tower residents could have destroyed Yahweh's mind.

But at that moment, Amy's words leaped across space and struck his mind.

'You haven't lost your way.'

It just feels like you've lost your way because it's so far, because you can't see the end.

"You're not wrong."

Sirone's eyes widened as he steadied his shaking mind, and Hand of God manifested.

It then split into tens of thousands of small hands and operated all the trap devices.

'How did they think to make something like this?'

A trap connected in double and triple layers so that no matter how you tried to disable it, death was inevitable.

'I have to solve them simultaneously.'

Even problems with no answer become answers themselves when viewed from far enough away.

'Got it!'

When the trap was disabled, hundreds of pre-planted bombs simultaneously triggered their detonators.

In the instant moment when massive flames erupted, Sirone integrated Hand of God.

'No matter how far it is, it doesn't matter.'

With such a cause that overwhelms all expertise.

'I will run to the end.' As the bomb exploded and the building shook, Blik slowly closed his eyes.

'This is the end.'

The building exploded with a roar, and a giant golden hand stretched up toward the sky.

Feeling the warm energy on his back, Blik opened his eyes and realized the situation.

'He didn't waver?'

Shortly after, Hand of God set down all the residents on the ground without a single exception.

They were all unconscious, and Blik, the only one awake, approached Sirone.

"I lost."

It was Sirone who had achieved penetration.

"It was an honor to face the Five Great Stars."

Sirone's eyes widened as he said.

"Don't ever do something like this again."

"Right. The conclusion has been reached. It seems our power is insufficient after all."

The moment Blik finished speaking, a talisman flew toward Sirone's feet.

"Guk!"

He hurriedly threw his body aside as one square meter where he had been standing melted into lava.

'This is...?'

It was an ability he knew well.

"I regret meeting you this way, Lord Five Great Stars."

A man covered in talismans all over his body waved a talisman held between his index and middle fingers.

It was Heukgangsi, a 3-star resident of the Department of Law.