What is God? (2)

Shirone examined the eyes that seemed to be looking down upon the world of High Gear.

Though he couldn't feel any emotion, the will to see was clearly evident.

'Why eyes?'

When life first came into being, there must have been nearly infinite ways to perceive this world.

'Why did they choose to see?'

To see.

Even a human who cannot see ahead - their eyes are clearly gazing into the abyss.

That meaning of sight.

'To see light. To see the world. To see the principles and systems within it. To see the heart within myself.'

If they hadn't tried to see, their thought system would have been different, and if their thoughts were different, their hearts would be different too.

'In other words, a completely different universe would have been born.'

Coming back to it.

'Why eyes?'

Shirone could guess the identity of the eyes beyond the curtain of signals.

'That is will.'

The All-Seeing Eye.

The sole will of the outer world to see this world, projected in the form of eyes.

'Therefore, it's inevitable that living beings see.'

To see what?

'God.'

Then where is God?

'Ah.'

Shirone realized.

'The question itself was wrong. Living beings, humans have been seeing God from the moment they first opened their eyes.'

With God right before their eyes, they wandered searching for God's existence like people without sight.

'We opened our eyes to see God.'

In the fleeting moment of entering through the torn curtain, Shirone reached his final question.

In the end.

'What is God?'

Time.

A signal spread throughout the universe, from which no one can escape, independent in all dimensions.

'That's why it's eyes.'

Living beings wanted to see time.

'Sensory organs that receive signals of light. To directly confirm the grand rhythm of this world...'

That will is both the beginning and end of intelligence.

'Yet humans still wander searching for God. Why do they think they cannot see?'

Because it's too vast.

'The size of time is the size of space.'

Angels can confirm information from very distant places through 'looking down.'

This is called temporal width.

If someone could see a planet 10 billion light-years away with their eyes.

'Would time almost stop?'

If someone gained vision that could encompass the size of the universe at a glance.

'Would God be there?'

When that time comes.

'We saw God with our eyes, therefore God exists, and finally we knew about God.'

Would we be able to say that?

His thoughts went that far.

'Nane.'

Organizing the thoughts that passed like lightning, Shirone escaped High Gear.

'What you see, I see too.'

The curtain closed.

"What, what?"

When Yahweh suddenly disappeared, the users watching from the ground murmured.

"Where did he go? Did he transcend the code?"

A message came to the operator.

User codename has been deleted. Completely disappeared from the database.

It would take time to understand how such a thing was possible, but one thing was certain.

"Yahweh."

Everyone in this world hoped he would return.

An indefinable space.

That it was close to nothingness could be known from seeing his own reflection in the lightless darkness.

'Going...'

Shirone said.

"Where am I going?" (Author's note: For readability, the method of expressing reversed thoughts in text will not be used except in special cases.)

Currently his thoughts were flowing backwards, but the person himself didn't feel anything strange.

"This is me."

His reflection in the darkness was not the High Gear machine but the real Shirone.

"No, even that can't be known."

The form called the real Shirone was also just a shadow projected onto the idea.

'How far do I have to go?'

He just walked vaguely.

There was a feeling of walking, but it was questionable whether he was actually moving through space.

"What the hell?"

He stopped walking.

'If there's no such thing as space, that means there's no time either. Then what is this place made of...'

His consciousness grew faint.

"Huh?"

Shirone looked around.

"Going?"

His thoughts reversed again based on the outer world, but there was still no sense of incongruity.

"This is Iron's hometown, isn't it?"

The memory of first entering High Gear and catching Metalrats was vivid in his mind.

"Level 3."

Then, from the place where he had turned the scrap metal pile at a right angle, came the sound of scraping metal.

This too was familiar.

"Could it be?"

When he ran there, countless Metalrats were swarming around a giant machine.

'Right, that's right. I was trying to hunt that thing...'

As he recalled that time and held a grenade in his hand, a familiar face appeared from beyond the machine.

"Hey! Are you crazy?"

Without needing to check with AI, Destruction Demon 707's machine came into view.

'What's going on?'

When the Metalrats scattered, Destruction Demon 707 screamed, and two more familiar users appeared.

'Death Princess. Strongest Codename.'

As he stared at them blankly, Strongest Codename approached and aimed a rifle at him.

Shirone remembered clearly.

'Definitely at that time...'

The two people said simultaneously.

"Are you picking a fight with us right now?"

An indefinable space.

Shirone, who had somehow returned to the outer world, was lost in thought with a serious expression.

'Time doesn't pass here.'

Reversed again.

'Because there's no space. Then what did I just experience? Was I dreaming?'

No, that's not it.

'It's not a dream. Something much closer to nothingness, literally born from nothing...'

A kind of delusion.

'What delusion did I just have?'

His consciousness wavered.

"You've come, merchant."

Standing before Shirone's eyes was Egis's machine, and the door opened immediately.

Yolga's son was sitting on the bed.

'Fermi?'

Though he remembered saying that, the current Shirone silently entered the room.

"Really, really Yolga's son?"

He could hear Destruction Demon 707's group exclaiming in admiration, and Fermi offered him a chair.

"Sit down. By the way... you have companions?"

"I have something to tell you."

At Yahweh2's cold voice, Destruction Demon 707's group turned their heads in confusion.

"What's so serious?"

"I've already experienced it."

"What?"

"This situation. This moment. All the words you're about to say to me right now."

Anyone else would have treated him like a madman, but Fermi became extremely cold.

"Sit down first. Everyone else, get out."

The fact that he didn't even introduce his companions showed the seriousness of the situation.

The door closed, and Fermi asked.

"Time regression?"

"No, it's not that kind of problem. Honestly, I don't really know. Anyway, this is probably my delusion too."

Shirone confessed everything.

"The Solar War opened. And..."

When the difficult-to-understand story finished, Fermi cupped his chin.

"I don't know."

Perhaps because that was the correct answer, Fermi's insight could be considered considerable.

"You went to the outer world. And now you're before my eyes. But you're still in a state of remaining in the outer world. Something like that feeling?"

"Similar."

"What if you killed me?"

Fermi leaned forward and asked.

"If you killed me, what would happen? Would you still be able to encounter the situation of meeting me? Even if I escape to reality, could you still meet me here?"

"It's possible."

"How can you be sure?"

"Because I've tried it."

"I told you earlier. I've heard everything you're going to say. This is exactly the third time."

Because there's no space, there's no time either.

"I've cleared the Solar War several times too. Killing, dying, Dr. Martin counterattacking, not counterattacking..."

That's how he eliminated variables.

"Hmm."

Fermi, who slowly leaned back, was silent for 10 minutes.

"Multiverse."

Fermi reached his conclusion.

"From the outer world's perspective, infinitely many universes exist inside. The moment your heart moves, a new universe opens."

Shirone hung his head glumly.

"Right."

Having tried everything he could, there was nothing left to attempt.

"Why did you come to me?"

Fermi asked.

"You must have heard everything you could hear from me, right? What's your reason for coming to me?"

"Reason?"

Shirone let out a hollow laugh.

"Haha."

This is how it becomes.

"That's the difference between inside and outside, Fermi. You understand my words but don't grasp the essence."

Shirone clenched both fists.

"What exactly should I do in this situation? Should I grab any universe and live there? Then what about the original universe? What about all the people who might be waiting for me there?"

Fermi was there too.

"Do you think I can return? You're wrong. Even if all situations are the same, that place isn't the world where I planted my heart. It's just a copy."

"Still, anyway..."

"No, you don't know. You're probably busy applying current information to reality. That's why you're closed off."

"Calm down."

"It's okay. I don't need to be calm. Want me to tell you why? Do you know what all this is? No matter how coldly I think! No matter what I babble to you!"

An indefinable space.

"...It becomes like this."

It's just a delusion.

What could possibly be accomplished in this place where any event becomes a fantasy?

'Where is my heart?'

Is the outer world an infinitely free place, or a place trapped by that infinity?

'I want to go back.'

When the seated Shirone leaned back, he felt pressure as if there was a wall.

He had countless delusions.

'Nane.'

If this is how it is in High Gear, what must Nane's feelings be like, having escaped the photon world in reality?

'She must have been very sad.'

Perhaps she screamed while shedding tears of blood?

'I won't be able to meet her. Whatever delusion you have, the Shirone in that delusion isn't me.'

He can't return.

Even if he escapes from any universe in High Gear to reality, even if he fights there.

'Even if I give my heart there again...'

Is it possible?

'Abandoning the Amy in my heart and loving a new Amy? Ikael too, Gaold too...'

McClain Gaold?

"Right! Gaold!"

Shirone jumped up from his seat.

"He escaped the photon world. But how did he send Hexa? Don't tell me he just shot it at any world?"

If his conviction was enough to be satisfied with that level, he wouldn't have sent Hexa in the first place.

'I can return!'

Moving quickly through the indefinable space, Shirone endlessly spoke.

"Let's find it. There must be some way. I just need to go in reverse order of how I came. So flip my heart. Hmm, flip my heart. What could that mean?"

He spoke endlessly.

"Reverse the delusion. Ugh. What was I thinking? My heart at that moment..."

Even while choking up, Shirone's steps, which had been continuing his thoughts, suddenly stopped.

"Wait."

An incongruity he should never have felt.

"Am I right now..."

Yahweh's insight, which rivaled Buddha's thinking, suddenly flashed through his mind.

"Why are my thoughts flowing backwards right now?"