[641] Dead End (1)

Nade opened his eyes in Liz's bed, frowning as last night's hangover hit him.

'Senior Liz...'

Turning his head in the dreamlike hazy memories, he saw Liz fast asleep with only her face poking out from under the covers.

'I should have drunk less.'

Shouldn't he remember this vividly!

"Hmm."

Spotting clothes scattered on the floor beside the bed, Nade drowsily opened his eyes and slowly lifted the blanket.

"Stop. Back to position."

As the half-lifted blanket returned to its place, Liz smiled and stretched.

"How sneaky. Did you sleep well?"

"Hehe, I thought you might be cold so I was going to cover you up. Come on, get up. We need to go eat breakfast."

"Ugh, I can't eat. I think I drank too much yesterday."

Liz wriggled under the covers, then crawled over to Nade and pressed her lips to his stomach, making a "pook" sound.

"Hahaha! That tickles!"

"Let's stay here a little longer. Okay?"

The smile gradually faded from Nade's face as he looked lovingly at Liz.

"Liz."

"Yeah?"

"Won't you regret this?"

At Nade's serious question, Liz straightened her expression and sat up abruptly, wrapping herself in the blanket.

"Why would you say that? Do you regret it?"

"I'm not going to become a mage. I don't have any savings either. There will be many hardships ahead, and I don't know if I can really make you happy..."

Finally understanding, Liz smiled with a relieved expression.

"You're not the one who has to make me happy. We'll create happiness together."

Having lived his entire life with a sense of responsibility, Nade didn't even know what happiness was.

"Let's swim together. I'll work hard too."

"Liz..."

As Nade looked at her with moved eyes, Liz asked shyly with a smile.

"But are you really okay with this? With grades good enough to graduate second in magic school, a mage's future wouldn't be bad either."

Nade shook his head.

"This is my limit. Iruki knows that too, which is why he decided to join Yongroe. If you're satisfied, you can't climb any higher."

"Is that so? If you don't regret it, then it doesn't matter."

"Of course I want to be the best. But I'll never be the best with magic. You can tell just by looking at Shirone."

"True, that kid definitely felt different."

"Right. It's a subtle difference, but very few people can imprint that feeling. It's that kind of realm. Unless you're at Shirone's level, you wouldn't even dare to compete in that strongest competition."

It was a fight over how much difference you could create among those who had reached the same level.

"A pyramid of competition built with human blood and flesh. I've come down from there. To walk a new path with you."

"Thank you, Nade."

Holding Liz in his arms, Nade looked toward the window where bright sunlight was streaming in and cheered for his friend's future.

'Good luck, Shirone.'

Tormia Kingdom Magic Association.

"How annoying."

Rufist, who had returned from attending the special trial, slammed his desk and it split with a crack as if chopped by an axe.

"Did they push it through after all?"

Secretary General Jane's expression wasn't good either.

"Unanimous decision. Shirone can't graduate. Criminals are stripped of their right to use public institutions."

"A criminal. On what grounds?"

"Crime of insulting royalty."

"Shirone... insulted royalty?"

The file Rufist threw fell under the broken desk, but there was no need to read it anyway.

"He committed a whopping twenty-three crimes. Omitting honorifics, disparaging royalty, sexual harassment, assault - they threw everything they could at him."

"But that's something Pony agreed to handle when she enrolled in magic school, isn't it? By that logic, other students also committed crimes against Pony."

"The standards are ambiguous. If the party in question only felt humiliated by Shirone, then that's how it is. Being a commoner really makes a big difference."

"She didn't seem like that type of personality."

"She wouldn't be. This is a scheme cooked up in politicians' heads."

"...Taming Shirone, then."

"Right. They probably don't really intend not to let him graduate. The average trade value that scouts worldwide have set for Shirone is roughly 2.25 billion gold. Separately from research, there are rumors that the Jincheon Empire has prepared 30 billion gold."

Considering Jincheon's recent aggressive moves in the magic world, it wasn't entirely impossible.

"If Shirone is released as a free agent, the kingdom can't handle it. So they're blocking graduation itself at the source. They're using the regulation that those without graduation qualifications aren't posted on the Red Line."

"But it's a dangerous strategy. The Red Line isn't the only option Shirone can choose."

"If he chooses the Black Line, his family, friends, and everyone connected to him will suffer. The White Line hasn't recruited additional personnel for nearly four years. Even if they did, would there be a fool who would reject the kingdom's offer expecting to be world number one?"

While Shirone had certainly set tremendous records, Tormia was also just one country from a global perspective.

"He's cornered on all sides."

"The higher-ups are pushing this because they think it's certain. They'll demand a terrible contract in exchange for removing the charge of insulting royalty. Probably around 100 million, and the rest will go into politicians' pockets."

"It's somewhat bitter."

"I don't feel good about it as a mage either. But with this method, there's almost no chance of him being stolen by other countries. However we treat him, strengthening the association's power is beneficial to us. The negotiation team probably departed by now."

"Do you think Shirone will accept it obediently?"

"Just close his eyes and bow once. Then not only graduation but his future as a mage will be guaranteed."

"Under Tormia Kingdom's system."

Rufist also understood why Jane was hesitant.

"He's smart, so we can only hope he makes a wise choice..."

Returning to school, Nade discovered advanced class students gathered in front of the central bulletin board.

"What? Did something happen?"

Pushing through the crowd and reading down the official notice, his eyes shook with shock and his body automatically turned around.

"Shirone! Where's Shirone?"

Opening the dormitory door, he found Shirone sitting alone on his bed while Iruki and Amy kept him company.

"What happened? A charge of insulting royalty!"

Shirone raised his hand with a tired expression.

"Welcome back. Did you have fun with Senior Liz?"

"That's not the issue right now! What's this about graduation cancellation?"

Iruki said.

"Don't make a fuss. We already went through all this while you were gone."

Bringing over a chair to sit, Nade demanded an explanation.

"Why did this suddenly happen?"

"It's the kingdom's scheme. Pony sued Shirone. Ozent is preparing an appeal, but it won't work. It's a special trial by royal decree."

Murderous intent filled Nade's eyes.

"Where's Pony? I'll go meet her."

Amy said.

"In the girls' dormitory. But it's already under control. Mages from the Magic Association's Creas branch are guarding it like a fortress. We almost got arrested trying to force our way in."

"Arrest is the problem! No, with Shirone's level of skill, he could get in without being detected!"

Shirone smiled bitterly.

"Pony didn't lead this. She's not that type of personality either. Orders must have come down from her family. Iruki thinks it's a scheme to lower contract conditions. So I'm going to wait and see for now."

"No, they should be begging you to come! We need to find some way. You have two children from the highest noble families as friends."

"It's a royal decree. Noble titles won't help."

"Tease! That person knows you somewhat, right? Even royalty would be helpless if the Empire stepped in!"

Iruki shook his head again.

"This is internal kingdom affairs. If Kashan interferes in domestic politics, Gustav and Jincheon will use that as an excuse to move too. Do you understand what I'm saying? We're not students anymore. This is genuinely a real-world battleground."

"Real world or whatever, it's unreasonable!"

"Don't get excited, think calmly. If you get on the kingdom's bad side, you won't be able to do business in this country either. If it gets more entangled, it could harm Senior Liz too. Is that what you want?"

Thinking that way, his heart sank and finally the enormous reality came crashing down.

"My prediction is they'll demand a backdoor contract in exchange for graduation. Something like holding his family hostage. The best we can do is try to raise the contract conditions as much as possible. Anyway, Shirone also thinks staying in Tormia wouldn't be bad."

"You'll stay here? When they're treating you like this?"

Shirone took Amy's hand and said.

"I don't want to leave Amy behind. When you think about it, I'm becoming a mage. I should be able to get a job at the Magic Association too."

At a point where the sensation of their first kiss was still vividly alive, he couldn't ruin all that happiness.

"Ah, seriously! This is driving me crazy!"

Unlike Nade, who was bursting with rage, Shirone and Amy only looked at each other with apologetic eyes.

Opposing the royal palace's decision meant accepting that they couldn't be together in the future, so they could only be cautious, afraid that speaking first might hurt the other.

'Right, it's okay even if it's a little unreasonable. If I'm with Amy...'

There would be far more happy days than sad ones.

Then someone knocked loudly on the door.

"Ariane Shirone! Royal decree! Come greet the administrative executive from the Royal Magic Department!"

"I'll be right out."

Having finished preparing his heart, Shirone walked toward the door and looked back at his friends.

"See you later. Please give me some advice when I negotiate."

The entire student body was already gathered in a circle in the central plaza, with a golden carriage standing under guard.

Next to Administrative Executive Ryman from the Magic Department stood Pony with a drained complexion, her head bowed.

'She's gotten thin.'

The intelligent mage's bright eyes were nowhere to be found, replaced by hollow pupils as if her soul had left.

Pony had put up all possible resistance to this royal decision, but she too was just one member among countless royalty.

'I'm a puppet. A puppet of bloodline.'

Regardless of Pony's lips trembling, Ryman read the official notice in a clear voice.

"Royal Decree No. 2467! The graduation exam results of Ariane Shirone, who committed the serious crime of insulting royalty, are completely nullified!"

Even as numerous charges were listed, Shirone just listened calmly.

"However!"

As expected, there was a reversal as Iruki had predicted.

"The merciful Royal Pony has agreed to regard this lowly person's foolish mistake as such, so kneel and apologize here!"

Folding the official notice, Ryman pointed accusingly.

"Hurry up and kneel and beg, you lowly thing! Put your forehead to the ground and bow down!"

It was the nation's will to tame him from the start, but Pony, having become a puppet, would rather die.

'What... am I exactly?'

Being naked would probably be less shameful than this, and when Shirone's knees began to bend, she even felt dizzy.

'Hmm, surprisingly obedient. That means he's already made his decision. In that case, 100 million is too much - let's start with 80 million.'

If he could save 20 million, about 500,000 would fall to him, and he was thinking of adding that money to his daughter's study abroad expenses.

'No. I hate this kind of thing.'

Watching Shirone's hand descend to touch the ground, Amy bit her lip hard.

'Because of me, because of me...'

She wanted to stop him right away, but since Shirone probably wanted her as much as she wanted him, she couldn't bring herself to speak.

"Noble royalty."

Having started that way, Shirone thought for a long moment, then slowly straightened his knees and turned his head toward the students.

"I'm sorry, Amy. I..."

Amy burst into tears and nodded repeatedly.

"Yes. Do that, Shirone."

Only her consent mattered to Shirone, who looked straight at Ryman and opened his mouth.

"I'm sorry, but I cannot accept that command. I have done nothing wrong to Pony."

Ryman looked up in bewilderment.

"What, what?"

Unable to bear the humiliation, Pony burst into tears, and Iruki smiled bitterly and muttered.

"He's finally done it."