[639] Those Who Leave (2)

Once the personal greetings were finished, Reina formally clasped her hands together and spoke on behalf of the Ogent family.

"Congratulations, Sirone. I knew you could do it."

"Thank you."

Sirone also bowed his head respectfully.

Without the Ogent family's sponsorship, achieving his dream of becoming a mage would have been much more difficult.

"Hohoho! Thank us? Thanks to you, the Ogent name has become known to the world. You mustn't pretend not to know us later."

"Of course not. After graduation, I'll come visit the family head."

In any case, having claimed first place, it was obvious that various organizations would extend their hands to him, and wherever that might be, it would be together with Rian.

"So you were here."

When Iruki's father Albino approached, Sirone greeted him with a tense attitude.

"Hello. I'm Arian Sirone, Iruki's friend."

"Sirone, you don't need to be so formal. Just think of me as air."

Iruki had become anxious when Albino insisted on meeting Sirone before leaving.

"I've heard a lot about you from Iruki. Please take good care of our son from now on."

"Take care of him? We're friends."

When Albino extended his hand, Sirone hastily clasped it.

"Once you enter society, it's not always that simple. Diplomatic issues can arise too."

"Ah, that's true, but..."

"Today is a great celebration. Please work hard for the Kingdom of Tormia from now on."

Albino's words were heavily laden with the intention of recruiting Sirone to his own country.

"Why is father deciding someone else's future? It's Sirone's life, so leave him alone to figure it out himself."

While contracts were handled exclusively by the magic department, as head of the Lightning Brigade, he couldn't let such talent slip away to another country.

"But it's not your life either. I'd like to hear Sirone's thoughts."

Though it was certainly an awkward situation to speak openly, Sirone spoke openly anyway.

"Nothing's decided yet. I plan to make the best choice for myself."

Iruki exhaled with a relieved expression.

"Did you think that would work? Is your brain really that rusty?"

'That's why you still have a long way to go, kid.'

Iruki would enter the Lightning Brigade following in Albino's footsteps.

As the brain that would oversee the kingdom's policies, whether Sirone was among the pieces he could move would make all the difference in the world.

It was a father's wish to secure Sirone by his son's side from early on.

'Well, if they're friends anyway, there's no need to make it too awkward.'

Setting aside his greed for now, Albino approached Vincent to ease the tense atmosphere.

"Congratulations. You've raised your son magnificently."

When the highest nobility showed courtesy, Vincent didn't know what to do with himself.

"Not at all. We haven't done anything for him."

"Of course you would say that."

"Pardon?"

When Vincent raised his head, Albino smiled kindly.

"The best parents are those who trust their children and watch over them."

"Ah, is that so?"

Having eased the atmosphere this way, Albino turned around and spoke to Sirone.

"Come visit anytime you get the chance. I'll be more helpful than my foolish son."

"Yes. Thank you."

This time Sirone accepted readily.

Following his father who was walking away, Iruki turned back and asked.

"You'll come later, right?"

"Of course I have to go. See you at the party."

The tradition of graduates holding a modest party on the night after graduation exams ended was the same this year.

"Sirone, when are you going?"

Amy approached after sending her family home.

"Yeah, we should go now."

Amy walked right past Sirone and bowed to Vincent and Olina.

"Hello. You've been well, haven't you?"

"Hehe, well, of course..."

While Vincent brushed off the awkwardness from their class difference with hearty laughter, Olina overcame her timidity and clasped Amy's hands.

"You really worked hard."

"Hehe, Sirone was there too."

It was a woman's intuition kicking in, and watching this scene, Reina felt inexplicably bitter.

As if his sister's feelings didn't matter at all, Rian welcomed her warmly.

"Amy, you were really amazing."

"Riaaaan."

Rian embraced Amy as she ran toward him with quick steps, then lifted her up while squeezing hard enough to crush her shoulder blades.

"Eeee!"

Amy playfully screamed and kicked her feet before being set down, when Cayden approached.

"Are you going to the party?"

While the joy of passing was beyond words, meeting those who had failed was heartbreaking.

"Yeah. I have to go. Want to come with us?"

Though it was proper manners for those who failed not to go so as not to spoil the graduates' mood, for Cayden this was his last chance to confess to Maya.

"No. What right do I have to go? I just wanted you to pass along a message. That I congratulate them."

"If you're going to do that, you might as well come with us. Maya probably knows everything by now."

While there might not have been time to think during the graduation exam, looking back after everything was over, there was no way she wouldn't know that Cayden had protected Maya.

"That's exactly why I'm not going. I hope Maya... doesn't get hurt."

"She won't get hurt. Do you know how desperately she wanted to graduate? She probably has a lot she wants to say to you."

Cayden shook his head.

"I hope she forgets even that."

"You're so stubborn."

Amy put her hands on her hips and snorted.

"What are you going to do now? I feel awkward saying this, but you'll definitely pass next year."

Because Maya wouldn't be there.

If you don't desperately want something, the Crimson Cross can accomplish anything.

"No. I'm going back to my family. If it weren't for Maya, I would have left this school long ago."

"Hmm, so what will you do now?"

"I'll think about it slowly. And..."

Cayden looked at Sirone.

"I have no intention of interfering with your life, but Maya did her best for you. Don't hurt her. If you make her cry, I won't forgive you."

"You won't forgive me?"

That last comment rubbed Rian the wrong way.

"I can't tolerate that. I don't know the circumstances, but it's something Sirone will handle himself anyway."

"If you don't know the circumstances, stay out of it. What are you?"

Veins bulged at Rian's temples.

"Ogent Rian. Sirone's sword."

"Sirone's sword?"

Recalling the knight's oath, Cayden finally examined Rian's features properly.

"Ah, Ogent."

Since it was a famous swordsman family, Cayden had heard things about them before entering magic school.

"I heard there was a blue-haired one in the Ogent family with not even a shred of talent, so that must be you."

From just that brief conversation, Rian realized something.

In life, there are people you dislike for no reason, and this scrawny guy in front of him would become one of them.

Just like his brother Raicher.

"Yes, I'm that blue-haired one. But you don't seem to know this - among those who talked about talent in front of me, none have failed to kneel. Shall I make you kneel right here and now?"

Cayden burst into laughter.

"Acting tough because of your size..."

Even if he was an Ogent, the kingdom's greatest swordsman family, Cross, couldn't back down.

When Cayden lightly applied a pressure technique, Rian's eyes widened as he felt his body being compressed.

As the technique was broken, a chilling thrill ran up Cayden's spine.

'What is this?'

He had encountered countless killing intents at swordsmanship school, but this was the first time he'd felt so vividly like his body was being split in two.

'This guy... is a demon.'

It felt as if the lives of all those he had cut down were rushing at him at once.

'I've become quite dull myself.'

Conversely, it meant he had been that far from the battlefield.

'A sword, indeed.'

Since time wasn't important to the Crimson Cross in reaching any level, he didn't feel particularly impatient.

"Remember this, Ogent Rian."

As Cayden left, Sirone looked at Rian and said.

"We're going to the graduation party now. Rian, want to come with us? I'll introduce you to my friends."

"No. Today you should enjoy time with your school friends. Come to the Ogent main house after graduation. Your parents will be staying there for a while too."

The Ogent family had already grasped that external forces might target Sirone's family due to his graduation.

"Alright, thank you."

Their consideration was warm, and their thorough thinking was reassuring.

As Rian took the family away in a carriage, Amy grabbed Sirone's arm and pulled him along.

"Let's go too. We need to have fun."

"Yeah, let's go!"

The first and last graduation exam - tonight they planned to drink until they were completely drunk.

Really until they were completely drunk.

Seven fingers struck the piano keys with a bang.

A frenzied melody followed, and the performer Frings rolled his eyes back and swayed his body while singing.

"Sweet lover! Oh! My love!"

Beside him, Fiord was playing violin in a poisoned state.

Even the cracking voice and bizarre discord were nothing but enjoyable, and a drinking party was in full swing with graduates and acquaintances gathered together.

"Cheers!"

Sirone, Iruki, and Ned sat at a table clinking their beer mugs together.

Though they were exhausted from fighting from morning to evening, their hearts felt like they could fly.

"Ahh! Refreshing!"

Ned wiped his mouth and looked around the party venue.

"Come to think of it, Maya doesn't seem to be coming."

Though Cayden had asked Amy to pass along a message, Sirone had actually sensed it to some degree.

'The farewell is over, after all.'

Iruki said.

"Raicon didn't come either."

"His pride must be hurt. He was completely overwhelmed by Ned from the same field."

"It's not necessarily just that reason. I expected him to have a big fight with Fermi, but he was surprisingly calm."

"Hmm, anyway, since he passed, does that mean he won in the end?"

"Not coming to the graduation party means he's going to take the black line. Looking at it that way, there's nothing good about getting involved with us, right?"

"Well, his father is a contract killer."

"Ahahaha! Ahahahaha!"

Just then, Amy's laughter could be heard from the center of the hall.

"Oh? Amy's dancing."

Amy's face was flushed as she spun around holding hands with Seriel.

"I passed! Kyaa! Seriel! I passed!"

"Congratulations! Congratulations!"

The three who had been watching in a daze slowly turned their gazes away from her.

"She must be drunk. Isn't that dangerous?"

"Aren't we drunk too? Leave her be. She's a red-eye, so she'll manage."

At least for tonight, all actions would be forgiven.

Meanwhile, Dante was meeting with Closer and Sabina outside the party venue.

"You really won't come in?"

"No thanks. I can't break tradition. And... I want to savor it when I'm really happy. Next year, that is."

Dante fully understood that feeling.

"Anyway, I'm sorry it turned out this way."

Sabina said.

"The people who should pass, passed. Now I'm starting to get a sense of it."

Everyone had possibilities, but very small differences determined pass and fail.

Closer looked at Sabina and asked.

"Won't you see Ned? At least ask Dante to pass along a message or something."

He couldn't not know her feelings toward Ned, but once again Sabina shook her head.

"No. I can't go to Ned yet."

Just as Ned had done before, those staying at school couldn't hold back those going into society.

"Excuse me. Let me through."

Just then, Liz asked Dante's group, who were blocking the entrance, for permission to pass.

"Ah, yes."

Since it was close to midnight, Dante stepped aside and stared intently at Liz.

She was beautiful, and had too mature an atmosphere to be an acquaintance of a graduate.

"Wow, she's pretty. Whose girlfriend could she be?"

Sabina asked, but there was no way Dante and Closer would know.

'Haa, what should I do? Should I just go back?'

Liz's heart began to pound again as she walked down the stairs.

'No matter how I think about it, it's strange. He'll think I'm a crazy woman.'

Coming to the graduation exam wasn't enough - what would Ned think if she barged into the party venue too?

But even after thinking for hours since the exam ended, she couldn't bring herself to turn around.

Listening to the bizarre music coming from inside the door, Liz took a deep breath.

'Let me think again while I count to ten. One. Two.'

Just then the door opened with a clatter and Ned appeared, looking back.

"Puhahaha! Hey! No matter what, that was too much! Huh?"

He had been going out for some air with his friends when a somewhat familiar face caught his eye.

'What? Am I drunk?'

Liz, who had turned pale, stiffly raised her hand in greeting.

"Ah, hi, Ned?"