Smile, Smile (1)

Club House, Blood Night.

As they kicked open the door, the air was thick with the heat of orgies and biting.

Most seemed to be bisexual.

"How revolting."

Inside iron cages, bald men wearing makeup and leather strap clothing were putting on shows.

The hunters focused on the red-tinted liquor placed on the customers' tables.

"It's blood."

Rian asked.

"How can you be so sure?"

Zenia answered by gulping down her saliva.

"...I see."

"Welcome, hunters."

The club's host Eblon greeted them from the bar.

She was black with half her head shaved, and had two piercings in her lower lip.

Katein approached.

"You've lost your mind. To think you'd hold such a festival even knowing who we are."

"What's bothering you? That we sell blood? Or that we drink blood?"

"Obviously you."

Powrer loaded her mega gun and pressed both barrels to her face.

"Choose one of the two. I'll blow you away nice and clean."

"Now, now! Don't get excited."

Eblon turned around with the gun barrels in front of her and mixed a cocktail, placing it before Powrer.

"We're just scum who get pushed around by purebloods. Honestly, it's hard for half-breeds to even get blood. Kill one person wrong and you're a fugitive for life."

Rian asked.

"Then where do you get blood?"

"Obviously we buy it with money. In the slums you can get it for 10 silver per liter. It's junk food for purebloods though."

"We're looking for the purebloods' hideout. Provide information and we'll withdraw peacefully."

"I heard rumors that Nike came to this city."

Powrer aimed her mega gun again.

"Shut up and just answer what we ask! Unless you want to learn that we're scarier than that bastard."

Sensing her sincerity, Eblon raised both hands.

"Calm down. What I'm saying is this is life-or-death work for us too. You hunters know better than anyone that getting caught by Nike means worse than death, right?"

"Are you proposing a deal?"

"No, it's a kind of game."

Eblon lowered her hands.

"We don't know where the pureblood hideout is either. You know about information hierarchy, right? But we can make contact with the Umbrella Man."

"Umbrella Man?"

"Someone who handles all the purebloods' miscellaneous work. We call him that because he always carries an umbrella."

"How can we meet this guy?"

"Right there."

Eblon pointed at Rian.

"The corpse of Maha's Knight."

Powrer's mega gun spat fire, and Eblon, hit by the silver bullet, flew into the shelves.

Bottles crashed down with a clatter, and she screamed in agony, baring her fangs.

"Kieeee!"

"Where do you get off with that crap?"

The half-demons in the club finally stopped their revelry and turned toward the Genocide team.

"Kraak! Kraak!"

They lacked the dignity of purebloods, but with jet-black pupils and fangs dripping blood, they were definitely demons.

"Stop."

Eblon said, clutching her wound.

"We can't win."

Even though it was daytime, this was the perpetrator of the incident that made Nike flee with a single blow.

Powrer climbed onto the shelf and aimed her mega gun.

"Speak straight. Where's the Umbrella Man?"

Since they didn't expect to get the truth from them easily, the party let her continue.

"I don't know either. I only heard rumors that he's looking for Maha's Knight. If you want what you're after..."

Thud - Powrer landed on both feet and swung her rifle butt, spinning Eblon's jaw.

Splat - blood sprayed in a line across the low shelf.

"I'll ask one last time. Where is he?"

"Kik! Kikikik!"

Eblon's shoulders shook.

"You shouldn't take out your frustration on an innocent woman after getting rejected."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

Ever since Zenia became conscious of Rian, Powrer definitely had some pent-up frustration.

"Don't make excuses and just hit her. She's a good target for venting, right? Anyway, humans are no different from us."

Katein opened her medicine box.

"Right, no different."

As the specially manufactured drug rose through the syringe, Eblon's face went pale.

Drug torture was terrifying.

"Did you think we'd be sane humans? I don't fight for humans or because I'm human. I just hate you guys."

"You, you..."

"Zenia, go outside."

Katein showed consideration, knowing this would probably be gruesome enough to remind her of the experiments she'd suffered.

"No, I'll do it."

But Zenia extended her hand instead.

"Will you be okay?"

Eblon coughed up blood and screamed.

"Vicious bitch! You're a half-breed too! Are you going to torture your own kind by siding with humans!"

"If what you know had been in my head..."

Zenia picked up the syringe.

"I would have stuck it in my body."

Feeling creeped out, Eblon extended her hand.

"Fine. I'll talk. I'll tell you everything I know..."

"I don't want to."

The syringe pierced her collarbone.

"I said I don't want to."

As the drug seeped in, Eblon's eyes bulged as if they would pop out.

"Kiaaaaa!"

A scream made of 100% pure agony decorated the club house.

Thirty minutes that felt like an eternity passed.

As Eblon, who had been crawling around everywhere, spread out in a sprawl, the half-demons showed terrified expressions.

"Haak. Haak."

"How was it? Thrilling?"

Katein took out a new syringe.

"Vampires are definitely convenient. No need to worry about them dying. This drug is my special blend..."

"Please, stop now."

Zenia stepped forward.

"Where's the pureblood hideout?"

"I really don't know. I only heard it's some rich man's mansion. If I knew, I would have talked the moment I got that shot."

It was definitely unbearable pain.

"What about the Umbrella Man?"

"I think he's at the Royal Cemetery. Orders went out to the city's vampires. If you find Maha's Knight, send a letter."

"So, did you send one?"

Eblon's trembling lips were answer enough.

"Damn it!"

Powrer kicked Eblon in the face and shouted.

"Retreat quickly! The pureblood is coming!"

Suddenly the front door exploded and a man in a bowler hat entered, dragging a whip.

"Nike..."

To half-demons, he was more terrifying than God.

"Rian."

Though Nike called for Rian, Eblon bowed her head in terror.

"I held out! Please show mercy...!"

Before she could finish speaking, the whip flew and took off the upper part of her face.

"Kiaaaaa!"

As the terrified half-demons went wild, Rian gripped his great sword and stepped forward.

"I'll handle this. Go to the cemetery."

"But..."

"Quickly!"

Anyone who stayed would only add to the body count.

"I'll repay the humiliation from that time."

Nike's eyes flashed with light as he swung his whip, sending chunks of half-demon flesh flying through the air.

Their only crime was getting in the way of the whip's trajectory aimed at Rian.

"Hyaaaa!"

As the power of Divine Transcendence bisected space, Nike's body spun rapidly.

'He dodged?'

Nike's body was almost a black whirlwind.

"I'm no different when it comes to twisting the law."

The whip wrapped around the great sword, then unwound at tremendous speed, scraping the surface.

"Grrrr!"

It was Nike's unique 'Sword Kill', but <Idea> would not break.

'Strange.'

Though Rian's wrists holding the handle twisted in the same direction, Nike's expression wasn't good.

'It absolutely won't break?'

He'd thought it was just much harder than steel, so this result was shocking.

Rian, holding his sword with twisted wrists, rapidly regenerated and returned to proper stance.

'He's strong.'

Nike said.

"You look surprised."

In the quiet club where everyone except the dead had fled through the back door, Nike let his whip hang loose.

"Of course you would be. My physical abilities are equivalent to 28 ordinary Almas."

If it was the pureblood Raika who had been Radum's subspecies minister, that could be called ordinary.

'28 times...'

It was completely different from having 28 Almas, and meant a position far transcending a specific point of biology.

"It seems you use Avatar Arts."

Nike could never forget the strike Rian had unleashed at the Colosseum.

"How far have you gone?"

It was a random question to an outsider, but Rian could understand Nike's meaning.

"What about you?"

"Unknowable."

Because no one had ever reached the destination.

"The one who dies here will know."

The path of the sword was to know that point only at the moment of death after endless fighting.

Though Nike had been talkative in his anger, his eyes had somehow settled into calm.

'Now it's for real.'

The world of swords where words were unnecessary.

Nike's hands moved quickly and the whip disappeared, causing the club house's outer walls to crack.

An entire building was blown away, but Rian didn't waver and drew out his inner rage.

'Yaksha!'

His whole body's muscles twisted as he felt explosive energy that could accomplish anything.

"Grrrr!"

"Come."

In the heart of the city, those who prided themselves as the pinnacle of life collided head-on.

Zenia flinched and turned her head.

"Rian..."

A tremendous roar erupted from where they'd left, and a dust cloud rose up.

Powrer patted Zenia's shoulder.

"Don't worry. In terms of skill alone, he's a monster. Nothing would change if we went back to look."

When they arrived at the Royal Cemetery, pureblood vampires were already waiting.

"Vesica rank."

With an aura clearly different from half-breeds, the hunters also tensed up, caressing their weapons.

There was no conversation to be had between them, and the vampires dissolved into smoke first, surrounding them.

"Let's go!"

Starting with Powrer's mega gun spitting sparks, the hunters scattered in all directions.

The heart cuts first.

"Hyaaaa!"

The sword should rightfully cut Nike.

Kuuuuung!

The sword's law activated in the direction the great sword struck the ground, toppling buildings.

"Grrk!"

But Nike dodged again, and inevitably a heart strike shocked Rian's mind.

"A technique of the heart?"

Nike spun upside down above Rian's crown as whips converged.

"How is it? Life's not easy, is it?"

In an unavoidable state, the whips wrapped around him and stripped away Rian's flesh.

"Uaaaaa!"

With over 40% of his body's flesh lost, Rian revealed his skeleton and fell to his knees.

"Curious how far you've gone?"

Nike landed lightly and spun his whip.

"That's as far as you go."

"Grrrrr..."

Since fighting Ymir's Fang, this was the first time he'd experienced heart strikes this frequently.

Smile, smile.

The hallucination inevitably sounded as flesh began regenerating from the severed areas.

"Just like a vampire."

Nike looked down at the sight.

"The body of a creature robbed of mercy, unable to die even when wanting to die."

Smile, smile.

'Not yet... I can still fight.'

Just as Rian gritted his teeth and glared straight ahead, suddenly his body's regeneration stopped.

'What?'

Just as he thought this might really be the end, he heard the hallucination's voice.

Smile. That the heart cuts first doesn't necessarily mean it will be cut.

It wasn't a voice speaking to Rian.

The word "necessarily" is useless in this world. Because while I move, other things move too.

A woman's voice interjected for the first time.

Then what is absolute? You always want something absolute, brother.

My heart. My conviction. The heart that cuts first becomes the conviction to definitely cut that thing...

Rian's eyes widened.

The moment that conviction becomes absolute, my sword's movement becomes separate from the world's movement.

The hallucination said.

That is me, Ozent.