Singularity (2)

"What?"

Rian's expression turned serious.

Certainly, the reason Rian had awakened was also because the genes of Augent and Smille had been passed down.

'My brother too...?'

Going further up, their grandfather Augent Klumph had drawn <Idea> from his heart.

Guy raised one corner of his mouth.

"You didn't think you were some chosen one, did you?"

"Not at all. But..."

Just because memories remained in genes didn't mean it was a level anyone could reach.

Idea, the ultimate form of divine transcendence.

"How far have you climbed?"

"Well. I'll know once we clash directly."

Rian looked up at the thick smoke rising beyond the imperial castle Marsak.

Though still distant, the fact that it was visible meant Shirone had come close to the capital.

Rian aimed his great sword.

"End this quickly. There's no time."

"You seem to be mistaken."

Guy kicked off the ground and charged.

"Your time ends here."

The moment Guy's sword struck the great sword with tremendous force, Rian's right arm twisted grotesquely.

"The body of a yaksha."

Functionally speaking, it would be a body that wields the mind.

"You're taking me too lightly."

Guy's upper garment burst with a pop, revealing rock-hard muscles.

Crack. Crack.

As if becoming fuel, heat waves shimmered behind him and his body took on the complete form of a yaksha.

"Uaaaah!"

Guy, who had pushed Rian back with tremendous force, unleashed an unreadable series of attacks.

True to his nickname as a berserker, it was purely offensive, and Rian couldn't read the trajectory of the sword.

"Hup!"

As the Mach-speed strike split the world horizontally, countless afterimages disappeared like illusions.

Guy's side was cut halfway through, while blood spurted simultaneously from both of Rian's shoulders.

"Heh heh. Heh heh heh heh."

The expressions of the two men watching each other's wounds regenerate were complete opposites.

"Shall I tell you something?"

Guy said, drawing his sword diagonally downward.

"Just because the Akashic Records restore information doesn't make you immortal."

Rian was listening.

"Matter is nothing more than appearance. It's merely a result manifested by signals. When you think humans die from being cut because their bodies are separated, but underneath that, it's because the information forming the body has been disrupted."

That's what life is.

"Idea restores information, not the body. Therefore, even if your head falls off, you can come back to life. But..."

Guy lowered his stance and gripped his sword in reverse.

"What if I cut the information itself?"

As he swung his sword wide, Guy's arm exploded outward and the world was split vertically in two.

"Kugh!"

Guy's sword had already disintegrated into powder, and Rian, with no room to evade, raised his great sword to block.

'It's not being destroyed.'

Of course, <Idea> stood firm even as it split the world's information.

But the vibration that seeped into the sword was enough to completely shatter all of Rian's finger bones.

"Kagh!"

The moment he dropped the great sword to the ground, Guy kicked off.

"Information is also physical force."

Rian looked down at his shattered palm and gritted his teeth.

'It's not healing.'

The information contained in Guy's sword had destroyed Rian's information recorded in the Akashic Records.

"How about that? Pretty cool, right?"

As Rian hastily threw his body aside, Guy followed and slashed at his body.

"That genius called Augent."

Though he avoided being severed, Rian's body was a mess from the traces where Guy had cut through.

'Cool?'

Rian recalled.

Though it wasn't a memory with images, in the feelings transmitted through genes, Augent was...

'Not cool at all.'

He was just one man who had struggled to survive.

"Kughhhh!"

Breathing is the hardest thing.

Even having already crossed the line of death, taking one more breath is the most difficult thing.

'Move.'

<Idea> flew in front of Rian, who was letting both arms hang down, and blocked the attack.

Though it vibrated with tremendous shockwaves, the great sword endured Guy's power to the end.

Rian spoke.

"So that's what happened?"

His brother had always been cool-headed and clear in his judgment.

"So you went crazy?"

Just from wanting to become the best with something like a sword?

"I am the strongest!"

Just as Guy raised both arms again to deliver a strike, Rian's finger bones regenerated.

Gripping the great sword's handle with both hands, he rotated his body with tremendous force.

"You abandoned your convictions!"

Both the vertical sword and horizontal sword were too fast for human eyes to confirm, but...

"Keogh!"

Rian's speed was much faster.

Krrrrrrrrrr!

All buildings within a huge radius collapsed, and Guy, his upper and lower body separated, fell to the ground.

"Tsk tsk, of course. I thought you might have grown a little, but you still can't shed your youngest child act."

Guy's lower body began regenerating below his waist.

"What good is cutting only the body? I taught you the method to kill."

Rian pointed his great sword at Guy's chin.

"Come back. This is your last chance. I don't care what you've done. I'll take responsibility and live with you for life."

Guy, who had returned to a intact body, threw himself away from where Rian was aiming.

"Responsibility..."

And Guy, who had been lost in thought, chuckled.

"What have you been up to lately?"

Just moments ago they had been trying to kill each other like enemies, but Rian answered obediently.

That's why they were family.

"A knight. I am Shirone's sword. As long as my lord tries to save the world, you are my enemy."

"Shirone? Ah, Shirone."

That guy who's one of the Ivory Tower's Five Great Stars.

"Go. I'll let you pass today. It's embarrassing to fight with your lower half dangling."

"Come with me."

Guy pointed behind him.

"You won't have the luxury to worry about me, will you?"

The smoke Shirone was creating through destruction filled the sky.

He knew this wasn't anger that would be resolved by massacring a few tens of millions of demons.

'Damn it.'

Rian looked around the city and said.

"First, I'm going to save people. Don't do anything, just stay put. We'll talk again once this is sorted out."

"How boring. Being so serious about everything, will you ever date a woman?"

Rian turned around.

"...Stay alive."

What remained in the place Rian left wasn't just the cold air after their fierce battle.

"Family."

Come to think of it, there was something called family.

"Run! Run!"

In the distance, the brilliant and massive walls surrounding the capital Gustav could be seen.

Shirone's face was pale as he walked forward, killing demons from 100 kilometers away.

He had fought for over 24 hours without rest, and the aftereffects of Ataraxia's Close Combat were tremendous.

As the waves of light disappeared, the demons scattered in all directions glanced back.

"A-are you satisfied now?"

The orders from the corps commanders were to 'just die' until Shirone's anger subsided.

"Ataraxia..."

Blood tears flowed from Shirone's eyes as he raised a massive magic circle.

"Close Combat."

The demons' eyes widened.

"Uaaaaaaah!"

Once again a tremendous curtain of light spread, and near-light-speed bombardment exploded everything outside the capital.

And at that point, demon casualties broke through 200 million, equivalent to 20% of hell's army.

'Satisfying.'

With the feeling that the world was being purified, Shirone looked up at the sky and wailed.

'If only I had done this from the beginning...'

Wouldn't Seongeum have avoided being sacrificed?

"What is all this love nonsense."

How terrible a place must it be?

Is she now trapped in hell's horrific environment, enduring endless pain?

'She's a strong person. Stronger than anyone I know...'

He pictured Seongeum straightening her back and bravely accepting pain.

But the image immediately changed to an imagination of Seongeum screaming and crying out.

"Dieeeeeee!"

Light particles spread out from Shirone as the center, and once again in nearly stopped time, demons scattered like smoke.

A demon watching from high in the sky spoke to 2nd Corps Commander Melania.

"This is bad. There's no sign of his anger subsiding. At this rate, won't the world end?"

At this pace, it was a matter of time.

"It would seem so."

Melania, who had been lying in midair observing the ground, twisted her central axis and stood up.

"I have no choice but to go myself."

The demon was shocked.

"You can't! Why must the most beautiful and pure among demons go! Aren't there other corps commanders?"

Above all, wasn't she ranked 2nd?

"What choice is there? If it were about killing Yahweh, that would be different, but if it's about taking the hits, I'm qualified."

Her demon realm was darkness.

No matter how great Yahweh's anger, she was perfect for enduring until his anger subsided.

The demon burst into tears.

"Waaaaah! Lady Melania! You can't!"

"Don't follow. It's not something to watch."

Leaving the demon behind, Melania quickly descended to the ground.

As tremendous light bombardment struck at incredible speed, she extended her white hand.

A disc-shaped black barrier rotated and absorbed all the photon cannons.

"Corps Commander!"

The demons who had detected the change in situation stopped fleeing and gathered around her in unison.

"The Corps Commander has come! Now we counterattack!"

The moment she opened her demon realm, even Shirone wouldn't be able to rampage like this.

"What are you?"

As Shirone, still with amplified mental power, approached, Melania's eyes wavered.

'Buddha.'

If the future is predetermined, was Yahweh becoming Buddha at some point also inevitable history?

"Please calm your anger. No matter how much you hate us, isn't this too much? You were originally..."

"Shut up."

Shirone glared and approached.

"Filthy demons like you."

The brigade commanders protecting Melania's side grimaced and raised their weapons.

"How dare you to our Corps Commander...!"

Melania raised her hand to stop them.

"The spirit realm is closed, so demons lost their homeland. Your anger isn't our fault. Why are you taking out on us what she brought upon herself?"

"So you're saying it's unfair?"

"Demons are originally such beings. Why do you force repentance on us? Those who should repent are not us, but humans."

A photon cannon flew toward them.

A black barrier reflexively spread, but even penetrating that, it struck Melania's face directly.

"Corps Commander!"

Melania, who had been motionless with her upper body bent back, slowly returned to position.

Blood flowed down her beautiful face.

"I'll tell you."

Shirone stepped forward.

"Whether humans commit evil or not, whether demons came from humans or not... there is no universal love."

"You demons repent."

As the demons' eyes blazed red, before they could act, Melania spoke.

"Demons do not repent."

"Then die."

As Shirone approached even closer, all demons prepared to fight risking annihilation.

A massive sphere of light rose above Shirone's head, and just as it began vibrating terrifyingly...

"Corps Commander!"

Melania knelt and prostrated herself on the ground.

The demons were shocked to see the second greatest being in hell suffering humiliation in the human way.

"Please stand up! We will fight!"

Melania raised her head.

"Until your anger subsides, torment me as much as you want. I won't refuse any punishment you impose."

She had to prevent him from becoming Buddha at all costs.

Her face was so pure and brilliant that it moved the hearts of those who saw it, but...

Shirone was merely looking down coldly.