The World They Live In (4)

"......Magic?"

As Meyer muttered with a dazed expression, the captain of the royal guard slowly shook his head.

"No, Your Majesty. Though it borrows the power of the mind, it's ultimately a force based on physical technique."

It was called Divine Transcendence.

"Physical? You're saying a human can produce that kind of destructive power? You've never shown me anything like that."

The answer was simple.

"Because I cannot do it either."

Meyer's gaze turned to Rian.

'I heard he was the best among the new generation of swordsmen, but was his skill beyond even the Divine Guards?'

He was the talent the Kingdom of Zive needed.

"I'd like to have a private audience with him. Relay the message."

The captain of the guard looked troubled.

'If he were someone who could be obtained with money, honor, or power, he wouldn't even be here in the first place.'

He was a swordsman that even the Empire's Emperor couldn't possess.

"Krrrrr!"

Hundreds of bats making bestial sounds clustered together again, transforming back into Nike's form.

'I nearly perished.'

If it hadn't been for the bat mimicry, rather than just having his torso pierced, he would have been completely scattered.

"This must be the greatest fortune of your lives."

As Nike withdrew her whip and retreated to the wall, Zenia took a step forward.

"Where do you think you're going!"

The hunters blocked her path.

"Stay calm. It would be appreciated if she withdrew like this."

"Get out of my way! That creature killed my parents......"

"I know. But darkness is coming soon. You haven't been fighting for just a day or two, have you?"

She couldn't argue with the hunter's words.

"Damn it!"

Even as the hunters remained tense, Nike's gaze was focused solely on Rian.

'Worthy of the True Demon's special mention indeed.'

The orders were to infiltrate the royal castle, kill the hunters, and assassinate King Meyer.

'And if possible...... there was also the command to capture the Knight of Maha alive.'

'If possible?'

Nike's face contorted with rage at failing to accomplish either task as she pointed at Rian.

"We will meet again."

As Nike vanished, Rian pulled his greatsword from Shovel's corpse, which had already dried up and turned to ash.

"With this, the internal spy has been eliminated. There won't be any more operation leaks going forward."

Saying that, he turned to leave when Benoff hurriedly chased after him.

"Wait. You're just going to leave?"

"There's nothing good about staying here. I'll act independently from now on."

Though the law wouldn't recognize it, having witnessed Yaksha's abilities, no one could refute him.

"Wait a moment."

The captain of the guard spoke so everyone could hear.

"I'd like to make a proposal. How about conducting joint operations between the hunters and the kingdom's security forces going forward?"

It was a strategy to have the royal guard directly manage things, preemptively blocking bureaucrats' access.

"Joint operations?"

The hunters stirred.

Of course, it was obviously a strategy to recruit Rian, but receiving the kingdom's protection would make things much easier.

One of the hunters shouted.

"If it's joint operations, what kind of support can you provide?"

The captain of the guard, having already obtained the king's approval, continued without hesitation.

"Anything, if it can drive out the vampires. Guns, ammunition, weapons, drugs, operational troops - we'll provide support."

Zenia frowned.

"However, there's a condition."

As she expected, the captain of the guard walked straight to Rian and extended his hand.

"Knight of Maha. All support is promised under the assumption that you participate in this operation."

It was part of the recruitment process.

"I hate complicated things. I plan to pursue vampires on my own. It will benefit the kingdom."

The captain of the guard couldn't let Rian go.

"Then the support becomes meaningless. You know the vampires' capabilities, don't you? Are you saying you don't care if they die meaningless deaths?"

"Meaningless deaths?"

Rian sneered.

"Do you think you're being rational?"

The captain of the guard didn't answer.

"If you can endure it, then you're truly not angry. Don't judge them by ordinary standards."

The hunters' eyes filled with intensity.

Feeling their gazes, the captain of the guard realized his mistake but couldn't back down now.

"You're making too light of the captain of the Seven Royal Guards. I could forcibly detain you."

"I'm too stupid to know how to turn back."

Rian said as he strapped his greatsword to his back.

"So I can only move forward."

If they tried to block his path, it meant Kashan's terminus could extend across the desert all the way to Zive.

"I was thinking wrong."

The hunters began to change their minds.

"It's not about fighting with weapons or numbers. Even when I had nothing, I fought those bastards."

"Right. We can't work with people who make conditions. That's not what I need."

The hunters shouted in unison.

"We'll follow you. Lead us."

With that, the decision was made, and Rian gave a light bow and descended the stairs.

"I understand your intentions well."

King Meyer spoke.

"I made an unreasonable proposal to you. I'll officially approve the hunters' activities. So this time, won't you support the royal castle from the hunters' position?"

From Zive's standpoint, vampires were creatures that needed to be driven out as quickly as possible.

"I hear that special weapons are needed to face vampires. Let's make a deal. If you share your know-how, I'll mass-produce them with the royal castle's financial power."

This time, even Rian couldn't find an excuse to refuse.

'Zenia.'

The only thing blocking his thoughts was the promise he had made with her before coming here.

Zenia, meeting Rian's eyes, curved her lips into a smirk.

"The team name will be Genocide."

Rian smiled and looked back at Benoff.

"First, I'll take the hunters to the hideout. We'll contact you through the security chief about any proposals that come from our meetings."

"Alright. I'll be waiting."

It was better for Benoff, who at least had a friendship with Rian, to be the royal castle's representative.

The hunters who arrived at Genocide's hideout were amazed by the technology that was more advanced than expected.

"Ho? You modified it like this?"

Fowler said as he loaded a heavy gun with two barrels mounted left and right.

"Mega Gun Z-88. Gas-charged type. Ergonomic design. There's nothing better than this for tearing vampire flesh apart."

Now that they didn't need to worry about supplies, Fowler personally set up targets and demonstrated.

"Blast them away!"

The vibration was significant so accuracy suffered, but the speed of firing twelve silver bullets per second was formidable.

"Now, and this is a shotgun type......"

As he excitedly introduced the firearms, other hunters were also hearing explanations about their specialized fields.

A hunter who checked the drug specialist's Anti-Cell said it was technology ten years ahead of its time.

Among all the hunters, only three dealt with metallurgy.

Zenia said.

"We can get Obscura B from the royal castle, but there's no particular need to change weapons."

For those who dealt with metallurgy, the user's own physical abilities were more important than the weapons.

"I have no intention of changing my familiar weapon either. Making spares in case of damage is enough. Rather, let's focus on making strategies."

Regardless of nation, the leaders of hunter organizations were mostly specialists in metallurgy.

The one wielding an axe spoke.

"I don't understand. Even with the Silver Bone, we couldn't track the Lord's location."

"I don't know. We searched through Rodenin city thoroughly, but no wavelength that felt like a Lord was detected."

The one handling a spear spoke.

"You said the radius was 2 kilometers, right? Then there's only one answer. It's hiding outside the radius."

Rian asked.

"Is that possible?"

"Underground. If it's 2 kilometers deep underground, even Zenia wouldn't be able to search there."

"Ah."

"Relying only on the Silver Bone's ability has been our blind spot all along. So here's the thing...... I have a method I mainly use."

When Zenia looked back, the spear-wielder grinned with pleasure.

"Half-breed hunting."

Even past midnight, noisy instrument sounds were leaking from inside the club house.

Genocide's first team - eight hunters including Rian and Zenia - arrived in front of it.

'Club House, Blood Night.'

Just from the name, it could be considered a vampire den, but such places were common in Rodenin.

"You're saying there are half-breeds here?"

"Where there are purebloods, there are half-breeds. After several days of investigation, this place is the most likely."

Katein said while checking his syringe.

"Certainly a blind spot. Even the Silver Bone can't detect half-demons' positions. But would there be a connection to the purebloods?"

"Something is definitely happening in the city. If it's related to the Lord, it would be too much for just the purebloods to handle alone."

The spear-wielder seemed confident.

"Unlike purebloods, half-breeds have reproductive ability. That's why their entertainment is also decadent. You'd better be prepared."

Listening carefully, countless people's moans could be heard mixed with the music.

"They don't die and can reproduce, so they have no restraint whatsoever. Half-breeds are like a kind of sexually transmitted disease."

Fowler scolded.

"Geez, constantly saying half-breed, half-breed."

The reason Genocide used the term "half-demon" was because Zenia wasn't a pureblood either.

"Ah, sorry. I made a mistake......"

The spear-wielder hurriedly apologized, but Zenia shook her head and approached the club house.

"It doesn't matter."

Even if she was a half-breed.

"When I didn't have the power to kill vampires, hating myself was my only consolation."

That's what true rage is.

"I see. Still, I'll be more careful going forward."

The hunters, feeling solemnity at Zenia's words, checked their respective weapons and glared at the door.

"Shall we begin?"

As Rian opened the door, the thumping drum sounds escaped outside as if fleeing.

Nike, having arrived at the vampire hideout, entered the main hall while receiving the gazes of the Almas.

"Did you summon me, great True Demon?"

Faust, 3rd in the Council of Ten hierarchy and the Hundred Demons Yaksha, was walking around the spacious hall reading a book.

"Have you recovered?"

Nike bowed her head apologetically.

"Enough to kill someone."

"Really? Even the Knight of Maha?"

Killing intent blazed in Nike's eyes.

It had taken four days after being directly hit by the Law of Authority to barely recover her strength.

"There are no enemies in the darkness you have given me."

"You'll have to be prepared for annihilation."

As the True Demon's aura burst forth, countless Almas hanging upside down from the ceiling trembled.

"Soon, three Lords will gather in one place. When that happens, the world will be ours. However......"

The only obstacle is.

"Under the assumption that there's no bloodline of Ozent."

"I don't understand, True Demon. No matter how strong he is, he's not comparable to the current Lords."

Of course, that included himself in the darkness.

"Don't be so definitive about humans. When they're weak, they seem infinitely frail, but when they're strong, they become strong without knowing limits - that's what humans are."

"Forgive me, but I have yet to see a human who transcends vampire authority."

"I have."

More than 10,000 years ago in the past.

"Before I realized transformation...... when I was a bat hanging upside down in heaven's cave, carelessly observing the world of light."

"One human fought against the King of Giants."