[570] Reaction and Response (2)

As Cayden's body became blurred, Shirone saw an empty training ground before his eyes.

It was a speed that couldn't be matched without Armand's neural enhancement.

'Was he always this strong?'

In the graduating class, he didn't even know that Cayden could handle a sword.

And now that Cayden actually held a sword, he was incomparably superior to when he used magic.

'He's basically just a swordsman!'

The Curtain of Rage spread out, but Cayden pierced through even that and swung his sword.

"Die!"

The blade that grazed past Shirone's throat disappeared from sight again.

Shirone cast Shotgun Movement, spreading into eight flashes of light as he changed position, but Cayden was already there waiting for him.

Cayden grabbed Shirone's head and charged forward with brutal force, slamming his face into a tree trunk.

"Die! Die!"

With all his strength, he pulled Shirone back and extended his arm with the resolve to shatter his skull.

"Diiiiie!"

Crash!

The tree trunk snapped with a cracking sound, and Shirone's eyes, with his forehead smashed against it, blazed with light as they widened.

'Time Reversal Explosive Strike!'

One second earlier.

"Diiiiie!"

As the tree trunk rapidly approached before his eyes, Shirone compressed photons in his hand and swung his arm.

With a bang, the middle of the tree trunk snapped.

"What...!"

As Cayden's center of gravity tilted forward, Shirone twisted his body and drove a Photon Cannon into Cayden's abdomen.

"Gahhh!"

Feeling an impact like being hit by a hammer, Cayden's body flew to the center of the training ground.

Wiping away the blood flowing from his forehead, Shirone rolled backward several times before stabbing his sword into the ground and glaring at the crouched Cayden.

"This bastard...! Gahhh!"

Cayden's eyes lost focus and he spat up blood.

'Damn it! What the hell happened?'

More unbelievable than the shock was the strange doubt now blooming in his mind.

'There wasn't any particular sense of incongruity.'

The battle had unfolded naturally, and so the current result was acceptable.

'That's the problem. The fact that it's natural.'

He had thought he'd already secured victory, but somehow he was the one who had taken damage.

'Surely there must have been some impact to his head.'

If the standard for a swordsman facing a mage was to disrupt concentration, then the best vital point was the head.

In a situation where the brain had already been impacted multiple times, launching a decisive counterattack meant one of two things.

Either tremendous mental endurance, or some kind of ability.

Normally one would place high probability on the former, but Cayden's intuition couldn't ignore the second option.

'What the hell is that?'

A radiance of light was shimmering around Shirone's body.

"Third Scramble has been summoned."

"The coordinates are..."

Iruki stored it in his head like taking a photograph with just one glance.

'Training ground 2000.'

That was the closest coordinate.

But before casting teleportation, Iruki suddenly stopped and looked up at the sky.

"..."

Sometimes you have to make choices even when you're not certain.

'Once you take the bait, there's no turning back.'

Iruki flipped through the Master Card screen and checked the overall status of all participants.

Like Shirone, most had collected two random cards.

Choosing random when the hand value was relatively low was standard, but some had chosen black and white for their second card.

'They're either going for a call in the third phase or waiting until the fourth.'

This was understandable, but the problem was this:

Eden's hand was ○ (Saint).

It might be too early a judgment, but she was the only one who hadn't chosen random and had collected another white card.

'She might be planning to settle it with Three-of-a-Kind.'

Iruki cast spatial movement.

'There's no way that's it.'

Where he was heading wasn't the coordinates of the Scramble he should acquire, but the location where Eden was estimated to be.

'This isn't the time to be collecting Scrambles.'

When cards were collected, the status was recorded on each Master Card and the coordinates disappeared, so he roughly knew Eden's location.

'Of course, Eden might not be there. But this is worth that much risk.'

Because Eden would collect another white card.

Scramble Royal's strongest hand: ○○○○○○ (Infinity).

The strategy was to collect all six white cards today and start destroying opponents' Scrambles from tomorrow.

'If the strategy goes as planned, even destroying just one per phase would cost our team thirty-six cards over the remaining six days.'

Also, this strategy was possible because she was a defensive magic specialist with zero offensive power.

'She thinks she can defend until the final day. After all, being a pacifist, she has no need to call.'

That was the Allied Team's big picture.

They had to prevent Eden from collecting cards before she gathered six and received a free roll.

'This is the spot.'

A Scramble was glittering at the center of the iron bars of an impassable bridge.

At the same time, Eden appeared via teleportation from the other side of the bridge.

'Bingo!'

Though they couldn't confirm each other's expressions from the distance, the atmosphere created by the situation was transmitted through the air.

'It's a speed battle!'

Two flashes of light shot up and curved down toward the center of the impassable bridge.

'Atomic Bomb.'

As Iruki exploded the area around the Scramble upon arrival, Eden cast defensive magic.

'Saint Barrier.'

The Spirit Zone emitted white radiance and pushed away the flames of the explosion.

'Tch, as expected, instant casting won't work?'

Though Servant Iruki was far faster at calculating formulas than other explosive mages, if it was power enough to destroy Eden's barrier, that would be worth considering.

Standing upright on the iron bars of the impassable bridge with her legs together, Eden spoke.

"You didn't collect the Scramble."

"Other people's Scrambles always look bigger."

Though he responded jokingly, Eden's expression grew even colder.

"Servant Iruki. I acknowledge your quick judgment, but can you push me back?"

The radiance of Saint Barrier shone even more brilliantly.

'She's definitely troublesome.'

Defense mages usually had numerous defensive countermeasures by attribute and technique, but Eden, being a cleric, had only Saint Barrier.

Being able to block all types of attacks with one defensive magic meant, conversely, being vulnerable to all attacks.

But if it was Eden's omnipotence, called the greatest believer of the Jor religion, that was a different story.

Eden spread both arms as if inviting him in.

"So what will you do? Fight me? Or why don't you try it - call?"

Iruki smiled bitterly.

"I won't. You wouldn't accept anyway."

Because she was prepared to respond to all calls with fold, there was no need to hide her hand with random.

'Anyway, Eden's offensive power is zero. Then there's no reason to call and reveal my random hand.'

Watching Iruki lost in thought, Eden slowly moved toward the Scramble.

"Then I'll take the Scramble..."

"Don't move."

Eden's steps stopped again.

'As expected, she's concerned.'

Eden's strategy seemed perfect, but there was still room to dig in.

Cancellation.

No matter how powerful the defensive magic, if you canceled the omnipotence, it would inevitably become defenseless.

Hercy couldn't have avoided deliberating between Cancellation and Armand either.

But Fermi's choice, controlling Hercy from behind, was ultimately Armand.

He judged that even if Eden's strategy suffered some setbacks, stopping Armand's combat power was the priority.

'It's a bit humiliating.'

Eden still didn't move, but her mouth was still alive.

"Think you can do it? I only need one second to grab the Scramble. You'd have to analyze my omnipotence in that time."

"One second. I could take an overseas trip in my head."

Just then, as tense atmosphere hung in the air, a flash curved in and landed precisely behind Eden.

That alone was enough to gauge the opponent's skill.

"You're late."

Without even looking back, Eden spoke, and Frings got up and said.

"Sorry. The distance was quite far."

Iruki's insides burned while he smiled.

'Damn it.'

With Frings, ranked 3rd in the graduating class, and defensive magic Eden, the probability of getting the Scramble was extremely low.

Eden asked with a more relaxed expression than before.

"How about it? Can you still do it?"

'This is orchestrated play.'

It was Hercy's calculation that Iruki would figure it out early and act on it.

The reason he couldn't back out despite this was because Eden couldn't be allowed to collect any more white cards.

In hand combinations where 6th level was the highest, Saint (○○) and Religion (○○○) felt completely different.

While he was lost in thought, the sound of spatial movement came from behind Iruki, and Amy landed.

Though it wasn't orchestrated play, realizing they'd had the same thought, Iruki raised the corner of his mouth.

"You're late."

"I'm not late."

As Amy slowly stood up, Frings looked at her with disdain.

"You chose the wrong ally. If it's Amy the Flame, then I, Frings the Ice..."

Amy interrupted and held up her Master Card.

"Frings, call."

Electrical signals flowed through Frings' mind.

"Amy has called."

In a situation where he'd be folded if he didn't decide between call and fold within one second, his brain spun rapidly.

Amy's hand confirmed before arrival was ⓡⓡ○, and Frings' hand was ●○● - Republic.

'The fact that she called confidently means she got Three-of-a-Kind? Can't be certain. She might be expecting me to shout fold. It's a matter of psychology.'

Countless words compressed into one lump in the realm of feeling and drove into his mind.

'The probability of Amy having Three-of-a-Kind is 33.3 percent. Even a draw would be advantageous for us.'

If it was a probability match excluding psychology, it was definitely worth trying.

"Call."

As their calls collided, Amy's random card was revealed on the Master Card.

○● (Three-of-a-Kind).

"..."

Lulu's signal came in.

"You lost the call. Your held cards are folded. You cannot cause any harm to Amy until the next Scramble summons."

In the silence, Frings made his decision and pressed his index and middle fingers to his temple.

"Well then, I'll be going..."

"Don't you dare leave, you bastard!"

As Frings teleported away, Amy immediately gave chase.

Iruki confirmed the direction the two had gone.

'The movement battle will be close, so taking the Master Card will be difficult.'

Amy could also be called Team Shirone's striker, but Frings was no easy opponent either.

"Anyway, now we're back to two. Shall we fight? Let's see if your movements are faster or my thoughts."

Eden kept her mouth firmly shut.

If you encounter Iruki early on...

Hercy's advice echoed in her ears.

Just give up one card. It's best not to contact Iruki for seven days. The value of one card isn't higher than having your omnipotence analyzed.

Eden slowly stepped backward.

"Fine, I'll concede. But will you be able to steal the second one this easily?"

'Probably difficult.'

Once the Allied Team knew Iruki had started moving, they would design their movement patterns even more complexly.

In the worst case, he might never encounter Eden again.

'But the Allied Team will lose out in total travel distance. I'll have to find the solution there.'

As Eden cast spatial movement and disappeared, Iruki approached the Scramble.

He had currently collected two random cards, and the revealed result was ○● - a meaningless bust, but if he chose white here, Three-of-a-Kind would be completed.

'Anyway, even choosing random, the probability of getting Three-of-a-Kind is 50 percent. Plus I can completely hide my hand.'

Iruki changed the Scramble to a random card and immediately opened it, revealing a black card and completing ●○● (Republic).

"Hah, I'm smart but have no luck."

Since this wasn't the time for battle anyway, he gave up his regrets and cast Shining magic three times toward the sky.

'It's the assembly signal!'

All of Team Shirone scattered throughout the school confirmed the sky and took flight.