[790] Dead Zone (3)

"Who is it?"

When Sirone opened the hotel door at the sound of knocking, an unfamiliar woman stood there with a smile.

"Who... are you?"

Her appearance made him ask again.

"Hello! Mr. Mage! I'm Barho Langi, chosen as this year's Miss Arachne."

"Miss Arachne?"

Her bright greeting eased his wariness slightly, but her identity brought new tension.

"What brings someone like you to me?"

Langi held out a Spirit magazine from the Kingdom of Tormia, obtained from who knows where.

"I'm a fan. You graduated as valedictorian from Alpheas Magic School and work at the Ivory Tower, where only the world's most outstanding mages can enter."

Sirone looked bewildered.

"Hehe, I'm very interested in magic. If it's okay, could I get your autograph?"

In the Spirit magazine Langi opened, Sirone's face from when he defeated Dante in the 2000th competition was displayed prominently.

'Was I really that country-looking?'

He was undoubtedly a mountain village boy, but honestly, he couldn't tell how much more sophisticated he'd become.

"Alright. Come in for now."

While Sirone searched for a pen after inviting Langi into the room, she looked around the suite.

'Even I've never been here before.'

The Royal Arachne Hotel was where VIPs stayed, and even the VVIP floors below had over 40 rooms.

But the room Sirone was currently using occupied an entire top floor.

It was a room used only for extreme VIPs, and as far as she knew, these doors didn't open more than twice a year.

'An Ivory Tower mage...'

A supranational figure that the politicians she called snakes trembled with fear over at drinking parties.

'He looks innocent though.'

He hadn't touched any of the premium liquor in the suite, with just one worn book lying on the spacious bed.

'His personality seems modest too. But what's so scary about him?'

Watching him run around the large room unable to find a pen, she even found him cute.

"Ah, right!"

Sirone stopped in the center of the floor, looked up at the ceiling, and trembled.

"If you don't have a pen, you can use mine..."

Before Langi could finish speaking, Sirone grabbed his head and said:

"Ugh, I'm such an idiot!"

"Huh? Idiot?"

Sirone sighed and approached empty-handed, extending his hand at the dining table.

'Material.'

Information assembled at frightening speed, and soon a marker pen was in his hand.

"Ooh?"

Langi's eyes sparkled.

'Is there magic like that?'

She'd seen high-ranking Magic Association officials show off various spells, but making a pen was a first.

"That's interesting. It's just like a magic trick."

Langi didn't know.

Though it was just a pen, the theory contained in this magic was all the omniscience that existed in the world.

"Hehe, right. I always have a habit of looking for things, so I keep forgetting like this."

"Oh my? Then you can make other things too?"

Sirone smiled awkwardly.

"Theoretically, yes."

Yahweh just disliked acts that disrupted the system, but if he wanted, he could produce unlimited diamonds.

But Langi, who knew nothing about magic, took Sirone's modesty at face value.

'Well, if he could make just anything, he'd be a god, right?'

Having never signed an autograph for anyone in his life, Sirone's mouth went dry and his hands trembled.

'I can't disappoint her. If I mess up, I'll have to redo it.'

Thanks to having Shockwave as his secret weapon, the autograph turned out reasonably well.

"Here's your autograph. I hope you like it."

"I love it so much."

Langi hugged the magazine.

'Now you're going to ask me to sign myself, aren't you, great mage staying in a hotel suite?'

Even if Sirone was a good person, she knew why he'd invited Miss Arachne to his hotel room.

'It's not that you're bad.'

Not even giving the feeling of being entertained was first-class - Langi opened her heart willingly.

'You're a man, so it's natural you'd want me.'

So.

'I'll forget everything.'

So that no memory of today would remain.

Just as she was looking for a way to stay, her stomach growled.

Langi smiled shyly and said:

"I've been starving for days preparing for the competition, now I can barely move. Maybe we could have dinner together..."

"Wait a moment. I have some bread left that I bought on the way."

Feeling sorry for the hungry woman, Sirone hurriedly searched his bag, but soon an embarrassing situation arose.

"Huh? This is..."

It was the hard bread that travelers favored, with clear bite marks from being half-eaten.

"I'm sorry. I'll order other food."

"It's fine. We're all the same people. And I really like this bread. It's great for dieting."

Sirone never dreamed he'd be giving leftover bread to Miss Arachne.

Langi took the bread, tore it in half, and handed back the remaining portion.

"I'll just eat half. There should be strawberry jam. Oh, and since it's dry..."

She skillfully found items and placed them on the table, then took premium wine from the shelf.

"A little alcohol too."

Dinner began, and by the time they finished the bread, they were getting tipsy.

"Do you have a girlfriend, Sirone?"

"Yes, I do."

Having asked with confidence that he didn't, Langi's eyes widened in surprise.

"She's a friend I met at school, but we're apart now. Her job is in the military."

"Oh? A soldier."

Calculating her compatibility with Sirone, Langi decided it would be good to push more aggressively.

"Not only her magic skills, but her will is really strong too. When she threw a punch at our friend Nade during graduation exams..."

Seeing him get excited and chatter for the first time, it seemed he really did like this woman named Amy.

'Even so, talking endlessly about your girlfriend in front of another woman. Is he innocent or stupid?'

After listening to Sirone's story to the end, Langi downed the last of the wine and stood up.

"Oh right. Should I massage your shoulders?"

When Langi went behind him and touched his shoulders, Sirone's neck shrank like a turtle's.

"Uh, I'm fine."

"Stay still. I'm good at massage. Or what, you can't let anyone but your girlfriend touch your body?"

"No! It's not that, but..."

Langi's eyes gleamed.

'That's it. I've got his number.'

He was the type who didn't want to hurt others.

"Massaging the world's most famous mage's shoulders. I feel really lucky."

"You're the most famous one, Langi. You're Miss Arachne and competing in the world championship."

"Hehe, that's true. Then shall we promise? Let's keep today between just the two of us forever."

"Huh? Oh, yes."

Langi wanted to avoid becoming gossip.

'So now let's start already? How long are you going to torment me like this?'

Gently massaging his shoulders, she brought her face close to Sirone's ear.

"I'm so happy."

If Sirone turned his head, they would kiss, and from then on, no man could escape.

'Congratulations, Your Majesty.'

The king would get what he wanted.

"Sirone..."

But whether he lacked the courage to turn his head, Sirone stared straight ahead like a wooden statue.

"Sirone, look at me for a moment."

"Langi."

It was a firm voice that broke the mood.

"I'm sorry. I don't know why you're doing this, no, it's probably just my misunderstanding..."

Finally getting up from his seat, Sirone turned to face Langi with eyes cleared of intoxication.

"I thought you were very pretty when I first saw you. But I have someone I love. As long as I don't break up with her, I will never betray her."

"It's not betrayal. I don't mean we should date either."

Langi used her final argument, but Sirone shook his head firmly.

"Then I can accept it even less. You seem to have had a lot to drink. Please sleep here tonight."

As he moved to leave, Langi became frightened.

"No! Don't do that. I can't sleep here instead of you, Mr. Mage."

"You promised."

Sirone smiled as he opened the door.

"To keep it between just the two of us forever."

"Ah..."

Langi sat stunned in her chair until she heard the door close.

"Really? Is this really the end?"

It wasn't a bad outcome, and his words about their promise saved her, but why was she annoyed?

"Idiot! Who's going to appreciate you acting nice? You'll regret this for the rest of your life!"

Thinking that enjoying was winning, Langi jumped onto the suite's bed and sprawled out spread-eagle.

"Ah, this is great! Yes, right now I'm higher than the king!"

Fluttering her limbs like a butterfly and feeling the silk texture, she turned her head and saw the book Sirone had been reading.

"He left it behind. What book is it?"

Opening to a middle page, it was a novel.

Langi tilted her head and checked the title on the cover.

The Dragon-Slaying Archmage

"Haha..."

With a deflated motion, she dropped her arms and ended up laughing heartily at the ceiling.

"Puhahahaha!"

Maybe Arcane was right.

"Dragon-slaying...! Puhehehe!"

Mages are eternal boys.

The next morning.

Sirone, who had been lost in thought on the hotel rooftop, saw the sunrise and flew up into the sky.

With his intuition sparked by Langi's visit, Sirone's expression was firmer than before when he arrived at the palace.

"Welcome, great Star."

Arachne's King Paronica bowed his massive upper body to greet Sirone.

"How about what I requested yesterday? Did you find the person named Jaystin?"

"Well, there's more data than expected. It might take a little more time."

It was as expected.

"I see."

While other Stars would have grabbed him by the collar, Paronica thought this was easy and started his pitch.

"Actually, there's been some bad business in the kingdom recently, so we're short-staffed and can't move quickly."

Sirone just listened.

"Terror threats. They said if we don't stop the World Beauty Contest, they'll turn the venue into a sea of blood."

Requesting help from an Ivory Tower Star meant Arachne's police force couldn't catch the culprit.

"So this is a shameless request, but if the Five Stars could personally step in and resolve this... Gasp!"

Feeling murderous intent that made his breath stop from Sirone's gaze, Paronica shut his mouth.

'Wh-what kind of aura is this...'

Even though this wasn't his first encounter with an Ivory Tower Star, it felt like frozen blood was tearing through his blood vessels.

"The person I'm looking for..."

If not for his promise with Langi, he would have pressed Paronica much harder.

"...holds the world's fate. Even at this moment, thousands of people are dying."

'He's really going to kill me!'

Paronica physically accepted the fact that the young man before him was one of the Ivory Tower's Five Stars.

"I'm sorry! I'll prepare Amy Jaystin's profile right away."

If he hadn't already found it, there would be no negotiation.

'Phew, this job is really tough too.'

Finally removing the killing intent from his eyes, Sirone turned around and thought about the terror threat.

'I should look into that separately.'

Preventing a major disaster was important, but he didn't want Maya's precious debut stage to be in danger.

'I'm worried about Langi too.'

In any case, finding Betafish was the priority for now.