[407] Final Decision (7)

The group escaped from Miro's space-time and gathered in Alpheas's secret room.

Gaold sat cross-legged with his hands resting on his knees, lost in thought.

While it was disappointing that he couldn't see Miro, that wasn't what was important right now.

"The final war may come sooner than expected. Then we'll have to move faster. Kang Nan should be coming to Galiant. One more person might come or might not, but now is the time to make a choice."

Gaold spoke to Shirone.

"If the final war breaks out, those who fight against the enemy will become heroes. But if you follow us now, you'll instead become a traitor who hastened the final war."

Hero or traitor—it didn't matter to Shirone.

If this was an operation that someone of Gaold's caliber was risking his life to carry out, Shirone's chances of survival wouldn't even be 1 percent.

"If you're giving me time, how long can you give me?"

"We're leaving for Galiant tonight. Of course, we'll wait until Kang Nan arrives, but it won't be more than two days at most. If you've decided to go to heaven, come to Galiant. The old man will take care of the school issues. Though I suppose that doesn't matter much when you're going to die anyway."

Gaold had no qualms about revealing the danger.

He needed Shirone's abilities, but if he was going to charge in with half-hearted resolve, it would be better not to have him on the team at all.

There was no point in bringing along some scared kid who would do nothing and get everyone killed.

Armin stepped closer to Gaold.

The reason he had followed despite confirming Miro's space-time was to fulfill his contract.

"Siena is not going to heaven."

"Ah, that was the contract. Fine. Siena, you can't go to heaven. You're off the team as of now."

Siena shook her head.

If that was the only reason Armin had come, and if that was all Gaold had recruited her for, it would be an insult to her pride as a certified 5th-grade mage.

"Why should I follow someone else's opinion instead of the team's? I'm going to heaven."

"Is that so? Then the contract is over."

Light burst from within Armin's bandages.

Keira gulped at the fighting spirit that seemed to whirl like blades.

"I'm not in the mood for games. You'd better fulfill the contract properly. If you want to go to heaven in one piece."

The reason he revealed his identity despite knowing it would hurt Siena was solely to prevent her from going to heaven.

Rescue Miro? Nonsense.

As someone from the Human Safety Enforcement Agency, Armin knew heaven's military power better than anyone.

Gaold was a freak among Red Line Grade 1s who specialized only in combat, but even if he went all out, it was questionable whether he could handle even a single regular angel, let alone an archangel.

Of course, it wasn't impossible.

There were no absolutes in battle, and even the slimmest variables could snowball and perhaps be overcome through strategy and tactics.

But heaven's enemies were different from anything in the human world.

If they clashed without sufficient information, the victor would be determined by simple logic of power alone.

That's why both the Ivory Tower and the Holy See were focused on delaying the final war until they could secure maximum information.

Gaold replied indifferently.

"What do you want me to do? I don't make requests. I'm not a parasite like you. Even if I don't take her, Siena will come to heaven on her own."

Veins bulged at Armin's temples.

"Enough, Gaold. If you want to die, go die alone. Your madness will only be a nuisance to the world."

"Ah, sorry for being a nuisance. But you know what really pisses me off? When you say things like that, you conveniently forget about the nuisance the world has caused me. I suffered alone, but you're sharing the burden with all of humanity, so stop whining so much. It's disgusting to listen to."

Armin snorted.

"The nuisance the world caused you? No, you're just a madman consumed by ugly desires. Can you really say Miro had no choice? The Day of Judgment of the Twenty..."

"What do you know?"

Gaold's face turned pale.

Flames burned in his wide-open eyes.

"What... what do you know about Miro?"

"Eek!"

Flu squeezed his eyes shut.

Without fail, the Infernal Hell began devouring the edges of space as the screams of demons erupted.

As the emotions of pain Gaold had experienced spread beyond his body to the outside, even the teachers shuddered in agony.

It was extreme suffering that would drive an ordinary person insane.

Armin's nose bridge twisted sharply.

As his Bright Eyes lit up eerily, a phenomenon of flames stopping spread from behind Armin toward Gaold.

With the center point between where the two stood, the two worlds of flame and eternity collided.

"Stop this pathetic behavior. Don't think you're the only one who's experienced hell. This is my final warning. Promise you won't take Siena."

"Kekeke, now I understand. You're just a lump of flesh that knows nothing. Contemplator of Eternity? You were just hiding in a world where nothing changes, crying like a baby..."

Gaold's Spirit Zone unfolded.

"Someone like you dares to discuss hell?"

Whoooooooosh!

The shockwave generated when their Spirit Zones collided spread out in a spherical form, creating a round depression in the walls that formed the room.

"Krrgh..."

When the actual power was transmitted, Shirone felt like dying.

At least it was comforting that he wasn't the only one having trouble enduring it.

As the worlds of infernal heat and eternity tangled chaotically, unbearable pressure squeezed everyone's hearts.

Then two golden cogwheels pierced through the veil of hell and rotated while interlocked.

The scenery was sucked in and shattered into pieces. Like pulling the center of a carpet, the original world began to reveal itself from the edges of the scenery.

As hell disappeared, people stared blankly at the cogwheels.

They had already transformed into Sein's amber irises, spinning rapidly while emitting light like a halo.

Iron Wheel Eyes.

Equilibrium.

It was Sein's specialty that pacified all phenomena with two types of cogwheels that calculated rational and emotional coefficients.

Gaold was satisfied to confirm that his old friend's skills hadn't rusted before their journey to heaven.

However, he was displeased to be treated the same as Armin as an ally with the same goal.

"What? We should be beating each other up together, and you want to make it a three-way battle?"

"This is in front of our teacher. I might overlook it at other times, but show some restraint now."

Sein's feelings toward Alpheas were no different from Gaold's.

When the entire world had abandoned the Supernatural Psychic Science Research Society, he was the only one who had taken their side.

Even Gaold had no choice but to back down this time.

Of course, Alpheas wasn't someone who would be swayed by mere extreme emotions, but if there was one person in the world he didn't want to cause trouble for, it was him.

Sein turned to Armin.

"I apologize for using your emotions. But we need as many skilled people as possible. If you knew from the beginning, how about persuading Siena directly? As I said clearly, if the person involved gives up, we have no intention of forcing anything. This isn't a mission that can be accomplished through coercion."

Siena stepped forward herself.

Honestly, she didn't even want to look at Armin's face, but she couldn't stand watching others bicker with her in the middle.

"Just answer one thing, Armin oppa."

Armin, who hadn't even been able to turn his head until now, spoke with a desperate voice when Siena opened the conversation.

"Siena, I'm sorry for hiding it. But I..."

"Is Keira your wife?"

Keira approached with a bright expression as if this was her moment, but quickly retreated with a pale face.

She had felt a terrifying killing intent from behind Armin, who had turned his head just slightly.

Armin turned back to Siena.

As if nothing had happened, the killing intent disappeared and he had returned to being a gentle lamb.

"No, Keira is my monitor. There were circumstances. We had a fake marriage for a mission. Siena, everything was for you. Give me a chance to explain."

Cold breath leaked between Siena's lips.

Fake marriage? Monitor?

Was he really calling that an explanation?

'I... how much I suffered...'

Every night she had resolved to forget. Shuddering with loneliness, desperately suppressing her desire to steal him away, she had prayed for him and Keira to live happily.

But it was all a lie?

After deceiving her completely, acting like a loving couple in front of her, all of that was for her sake?

"Siena, if you want to be angry, go ahead. But..."

"No, let me speak."

Siena held out her hand to cut him off.

There must have been circumstances. No, even if there weren't, she had no right to be angry with Armin.

She could well imagine what kind of life he had lived after losing both eyes to save Siena.

"Oppa is my life's benefactor. No matter what reason you had for deceiving me, the fact that you gave me a new life doesn't change."

Armin pressed his lips tightly together and raised his eyebrows.

You don't need to thank me.

If you want, I could tear out my heart right now. If only you wanted it, Siena.

Siena approached Armin and embraced his waist.

Even though she was in the arms of the man she had so desperately wanted, her heart only ached as if struck by a whip.

"Thank you, oppa. I'll never forget. I'll always live gratefully thinking of the life you gave me. But now we're adults. We can't treat each other based only on childhood emotions. Please, leave me now. That's my last wish for you, oppa."

"Siena..."

Armin wept with his soul.

He felt miserable that he couldn't even shed tears because he had no eyes.

He had to leave. If it was what Siena wanted, he could do anything.

And he would wait. Just in case she might have a small change of heart and miss him.

Even if she didn't, he would wait his entire life.

"Yes, I'll do as you say. Oppa can do anything you want."

Armin reached to caress Siena's cheek but sadly clenched his fist and turned around.

"Let's go."

"Armin, you don't mean..."

Keira tried to shout something to Siena with a serious expression, but Armin's Flicker magic was faster.

With a flash of electricity, the two disappeared.

The Flicker magic that could leap through space even in an enclosed area reminded them once again that he was an Unlocker.

Gaold continued with a relieved expression.

"Let me summarize one last time. I can't guarantee whether Kang Nan will succeed in recruitment, but if she brings someone, there'll be no problem with utility. If Shirone joins, our strategic options will expand. Siena and I are enough for dealers. Sein can handle crowd control, one manipulation type, one search type."

Flu felt infinite pride that his position had been mentioned.

Originally, a certified 8th-grade mage would have no place in such a project. But conversely, it meant the team's power leakage was that severe.

As expected, Gaold looked unsatisfied.

He didn't expect to create a Cage-level team, but they still needed to have proper form to get work done, didn't they?

"It seems like... we need one hitman. If we could definitely eliminate one target, our tactical options would expand tremendously. Isn't there a decent blade wielder somewhere? Someone who really knows how to cut."

Sein said.

"Where would we suddenly find someone like that? Didn't you have a magic swordsman in your guard or something?"

"Lost contact. Probably dead. Anyway, think about it. Someone who could definitely eliminate one target even if they died. Someone we wouldn't need to clean up after if they died. In short, someone dying to die."

"That's too many requirements."

"If even one fails, I won't recruit them. We're a suicide squad. Someone who follows expecting compensation would only be a minus to the team."

Ethella said.

"How about looking among certified knights? If they're famous swordsmen, their skills would be certain."

"No good. Those who care about beliefs burn up unnecessarily. We're not going to war. For focusing on Miro's rescue, a hitman is perfect."

Sein checked the time and said.

"Let's go to Galiant for now. There might be someone who uses a blade in the Kergo Autonomous District."

Then Siena raised her hand.

"Um, what about a knight without beliefs?"

Everyone's gaze turned to Siena.

Gaold frowned as if asking what she meant and asked back.

"A knight without beliefs? Can you call that a knight? Well, it doesn't matter anyway. But why?"

"There's one person. Someone who really knows how to cut."