The Scale of Desperation (4)

With the wind pressure vibrating her angelic wings, Uriel covered her face with her arm and asked.

"The match?"

It wasn't over.

In the middle of the plains cleared by the wind, Icael and Gorfin were still glaring at each other.

"Haah. Haah."

His steel-made hair stood sharply on end, and the idea of struggle flickered in both his eyes.

Uriel spoke.

"...How vast is the human heart?"

The rage of Angkera that Gorfin had swallowed was an emotion so immense it could destroy worlds.

"He's almost digested it."

Though the aftereffects hadn't completely disappeared, his recent display of power reminded them of Gorfin in his prime.

'No, it's even beyond that.'

It was the result of his mind being endlessly tempered through eons of opposing God.

"He traded Hexa for Halo. As a result, the Ultima System's functionality dropped below 10 percent. But... Maclain Gorfin.

"Perhaps we should have killed him then. What's truly threatening isn't the Ultima System, but Gorfin himself."

A human with enough influence to turn Heaven's gains into marginal losses.

"That's hindsight. And the real results aren't even in yet. If we destroy the Tower of Babel, Gorfin will be isolated too. The Gaians will disappear from the world."

At those words, Uriel fell silent, but couldn't shake the ominous thoughts crossing her mind.

'Will that really happen?'

If they exterminated all Gaians but still couldn't subdue Gorfin.

'Someday, it will continue.'

Thinking of the distant future beyond even an angel's perception, Icael's role was crucial.

"Let's go too. We need to end this war."

The archangels flew toward the battlefield where angels and Babel were locked in fierce combat.

Icael had no time to observe the situation in the sky.

"Answer me."

Gorfin shot back coldly.

"Answer what, again?"

The thrill of that kiss from long ago remained a memory transcending time for both of them...

"About Babel."

But they were also enemies who had fiercely destroyed each other's camps as representatives of angels and Gaians.

"Why do you care about that? Whatever that pile of scrap looks like, just smash it."

"I said answer!"

The old Icael would have done just that.

"Why me? What am I to you? How am I defined in your heart!"

Before understanding the heart.

"What about you then?"

Icael closed her mouth.

"Now I'm the one asking. Why are you asking? What answer do you really want to hear?"

'The answer I want to hear.'

What words was she hoping would come from Gorfin's mouth?

"I don't know."

Icael said weakly, lowering her arms.

"So you tell me."

Though she understood the essence of the heart through Hexa, she lacked the courage to express it.

"Don't try to find it in me. There's no right answer to the heart. You have to choose for yourself."

How contradictory.

Being able to choose anything made it impossible to choose anything at all.

CRAAAASSSHHH!

The sound of the Tower of Babel collapsing could be heard, but neither Icael nor Gorfin turned their gaze.

"Humanity has lost."

The archangels began breaking through the significantly weakened Ultima System and massacring the Gaians.

"Only you remain. You're the only Gaian we cannot annihilate."

The collapse of the Tower of Babel.

Omega Year 777, humanity was defeated by God.

"It's over?"

Perhaps it was.

But as long as a Gaian named Gorfin remained, they couldn't surrender.

As Gorfin silently turned away, Icael reached out her hand.

"Come with me."

Because it felt like he would never return.

"You have nowhere to hide. Wherever you are, angels will find and kill you.

I'll protect you."

Perhaps to find the courage to say these words, she had fought so fiercely.

"This one's quite decent. You've learned to put a little heart into your voice."

Gorfin turned his head slightly and smiled.

"But it's still not enough."

Before Icael could speak, Gorfin activated Miracle Stream and disappeared.

"Commander."

The archangels had arrived.

"Are you alright?"

Just seeing her light-made clothing in tatters showed how fierce the battle had been.

"Yes..."

Gorfin's last words kept echoing endlessly in Icael's photon body.

'Not enough?'

The reason she couldn't express her heart.

'How do I define Gorfin?'

Until she gained conviction about that, her words would never reach Gorfin.

"Commander, you have led us to victory in this war."

Cariel knelt on one knee and pleaded.

"Please give me Babel's spoils of war. I will analyze their technology and create life. They will follow angels and praise Angkera."

The scene of Gorfin making flowers bloom with Hexa had inspired Cariel, the Archangel of Birth.

"Follow angels and praise Angkera?"

They would later be called Nephilim.

'Is that really possible?'

Could beings with hearts blindly follow something?

"...Do as you wish."

Icael knew how meaningless it was to judge things she hadn't experienced.

'Aren't I realizing that even now?'

Though she thought she'd be fine, once Gorfin disappeared, she felt as if her chest had been hollowed out.

'He's nowhere. Nowhere at all.'

Though she surveyed the entire planet without missing a spot, there was no trace of him, as if he had evaporated.

'Where could he have gone?'

Cold wind seeped into Icael's hollow chest.

The ancient city, Eden.

Adam and Lilith, who had boarded the ark to escape the Great Purification, began a new life on a small planet.

Their infinite lifespans were passed down genetically, allowing the Gaians to flourish rapidly.

"Another peaceful day."

Adam's eyes were gentle as he gazed at the earthly scenery from a high place in the city.

Lilith smiled and said.

"There's no greater joy than watching the children live happily."

Before leaving Heaven, Gorfin's only words had been to love each other.

Though temptations existed, Adam loved only Lilith, and Lilith loved only Adam.

That's why all of Eden's citizens could follow the two as their complete parents.

"Hm?"

The moment Adam sensed something, the Gaians looked up with surprised expressions.

The sky opened enormously, and blinding light poured down from within.

"Ah, aah."

Adam trembled with emotion, tears welling in his eyes.

"Beloved Adam."

At that unforgettable voice, Adam finally fell to his knees and wept.

"You've come. You've finally come."

Lilith also knelt following her husband, but fear from awe was stronger than emotion.

'Why?'

When Gorfin didn't show himself despite the long wait, Adam couldn't contain himself and spoke.

"Please come down. Following your will, we've built such a beautiful city. What happened to the other comrades? Have you... become God?"

After a long while, Gorfin spoke.

"I need to take your children."

"What?"

Adam asked back in confusion, and Lilith's eyes widened as she looked up.

"Wh-what do you mean? So my children, Eden's citizens, where are you taking them...

"No!"

Lilith jumped up.

"Absolutely not! This is everything Adam and I have devoted our lives to achieve. Starting with just the two of us, through eons of time, flourishing to this extent..."

"I understand."

At Adam's voice, Lilith turned around.

"H-honey."

Though Adam's eyes also held sadness, the resolute light was stronger.

"If that is your will, please take them. There must surely be a reason."

The moment he finished speaking, light concentrated at Eden's center and a massive stone gate was installed.

As the gate disassembled and transformed into spheres of light, Lilith screamed at the sky.

"No! Absolutely not!"

"Honey! Don't you know what that person means to Gaians! If we hadn't escaped the Great Purification, we wouldn't exist either!"

"I'd rather have that happen! I won't let you take my children! I won't send them back to that horrible place!"

Gorfin remained silent.

"We'll go, Mother."

When Lilith turned her head, all the Gaians on the ground were emitting light from their eyes.

"You all..."

"From long ago, from childhood, we grew up hearing the stories. You really existed. You used to say it like a habit, that someday we would all become gods."

"No."

Lilith shook her head.

"They're my children."

As tears flowed down her cheeks, her mind began to disconnect from the Ultima System.

"H-honey..."

Was a mother's heart greater than the whole?

Adam could only watch.

Everyone except Lilith shared the same thought, and the Gaians looked up at the sky and said.

"We will fight too."

Thus Gorfin revived the Ultima System and regained the opportunity to escape the photon system.

This was the event of Omega Year 799.

Heaven, Omega Year 892.

In Heaven after the Gaians disappeared, many creations jointly made by Argoneth and Taeseong appeared.

Things called extraterrestrial species came over, some possessing unique intelligence.

Only humans did not exist.

"Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!"

In Jebul, built after the Gaians disappeared, Cariel's frustration shook the heavens.

"Why won't it work!"

Watching Cariel rage had become Uriel's greatest pleasure lately.

"Aren't you dumber than humans?"

"Shut up! Look at the Great World War I made! It's far superior to the Tower of Babel!"

Cariel snapped fiercely and looked at the extraterrestrial corpse lying on the experiment table.

'The Nephilim won't be created.'

Her dream of creating a new humanity with angelic abilities had hit a wall.

"...I need humans."

Uriel crossed her arms.

"Then it's impossible. There's no such thing here. Even human-like species aren't being born."

Though expressing fear of humans was taboo, the shock Gaians had dealt to Heaven was just that great.

"Haah."

Uriel didn't miss how Cariel's photon body had noticeably weakened.

'Even with the Archangel of Birth pouring almost all her mental power, it's impossible. What exactly is Gorfin...'

Then the Great World War shook.

"What!"

Cariel quickly flew to the screen, checked the data, and her eyes widened.

"Th-this is...!"

"Haah."

Icael, staying in Jebul's commander's office, propped her chin and let out a long sigh.

'It's been more frequent lately.'

Her triangle Mara Ashur stood behind her with a worried expression.

'The war is over.'

Though peace had come to Heaven, her hollow chest seemed yet to heal.

"I'm sorry. Do I look too pathetic?"

Ashur bowed her head.

"Please don't say that. If Commander Icael is pathetic, the entire universe would fall into self-loathing."

At the pointed joke, just as Icael smiled, sirens blared throughout Jebul.

Warning! Abnormal law detected. Khar total 16.843 billion. Khar level 100 percent.

Ashur looked up and Icael jumped to her feet.

"100 percent?"

It was righteousness on the same level as the Law itself.

Analyzing uniqueness. Suspected Ultima System. Estimated. Certain. Fact. Maximum defense level Aegis Mode activated.

The eight archangels throughout Jebul and all angels under their command widened their eyes and shouted.

"WHAAAAT?"

With a crash, Jebul's walls shattered, and Icael flew out like lightning.

"Commander!"

Ashur gave chase, but the current Icael seemed impossible to follow except by light itself.

'Where? Where is it?'

Her amplified senses swept the entire planet, and finally pillars of light entered her vision.

'Idea.'

As she watched the spectacular sight of countless light pillars piercing the sky.

"Well, long time no see."

At the voice from the ground, she looked down to see a man grinning, showing his fangs.

"Did you miss me? Were you bored without me around?"

At the sight of Gorfin greeting her with his index finger to his brow, Icael felt a surge of emotion for a moment.

But soon her lips curved up, then her eyes turned fierce again as she furrowed her brow.

"Yeah."

She probably smiled.

Because cold wind no longer blew through the void that eons of waiting couldn't fill.

To be continued in the next volume