[599] A Tree Without Roots (1)

Shirone's mind seeped into the light.

This was why he could open his eyes even within this brilliant mass of light that couldn't possibly be any brighter.

'Where is this...?'

As if his physical body had disappeared leaving only his mind, he didn't feel like he was standing.

He tried to raise his hand but there was nothing there, and though he could look anywhere, nothing was visible.

At minus one second of 0 hours 0 minutes in the upper floors of Estas where even time was lost, Shirone came face to face with Guffin.

"Hexa."

When he turned his mind toward where the voice came from, a flickering shadow appeared in the distance.

As it drew closer, its form became clearer, but as if it wouldn't allow any further approach, waves of light disturbed its clarity.

'Is this really human?'

Shirone couldn't be certain.

The black silhouette clearly had a face and limbs, but due to the light's distortion, the entire body was elongated like a stick, and some parts appeared to be cut off and thin.

"Are you Guffin?"

Guffin gave no answer, and thinking he could disappear at any moment, Shirone grew anxious.

"Answer me! You have an obligation to speak to me! Who exactly am I? Am I Ikael's child?"

"Hexa. You are a result."

Shirone didn't want to be called by the name Hexa.

"Speak so I can understand. I'm extremely angry right now."

After a pause as if choosing his words, Guffin's voice continued.

"You have no cause."

"What...?"

Where in the world could there be an existence without cause?

"You are a result. An absolute coincidence. That's why you're free, and that's why you can fight."

Even if he couldn't accept Guffin's words as truth, his heart felt like it was collapsing.

"You're saying I have no parents, no reason to be born?"

Wouldn't even dust floating in space have more meaning to its existence than this?

"Answer me! Are you saying Ikael isn't my mother?"

"There was once a time when she was a mother."

An inexplicable rage surged up.

"Don't beat around the bush and speak clearly! Come out here! Don't hide there and show yourself!"

"I am before you. It's just that I am not before you."

Was Guffin mentally ill?

They were clearly conversing in the same language, but he couldn't understand any of it.

"Don't analyze, just accept. Accept it as a whole and become one. That is Ultima."

In a state of direct perception, Shirone finally realized.

"Erasure. You don't exist right now."

Because he doesn't exist, he cannot be called by anything, and Shirone also cannot have him before him.

"I don't ask for much. I just want to understand. Who am I? How can I find out?"

"When you know everything, you will know everything."

It wasn't wordplay or evasion.

To Guffin, who transcended human thought, this was the only most certain answer.

"When I know everything..."

In human terms, it was equivalent to having to reach the end of truth.

"What must I do to meet you?"

"Beyond infinity."

It was the phrase left at the end when he saw the Gaian records in Heaven's ruins.

"Beyond... infinity?"

Though Shirone was barely managing to continue his conversation with Guffin, this was the one thing he couldn't interpret.

"How is that possible?"

Anyone who knew what infinity was would think the same thing.

"It means there's no end, right? So how can you leap over that?"

"Why do you think there's no end?"

"Isn't it obvious? Numbers continue endlessly..."

"Have you ever reached the end of numbers?"

Shirone closed his mouth. Of course he'd never reached it, but that's exactly why it's called infinity.

"Infinity is merely the largest concept humans can conceive. See the ultimate. Go beyond infinity from infinity's end."

Shirone asked again.

"Are you saying numbers... have an end?"

"Yes."

Guffin's answer was firm.

"And beyond that, I am there."

Guffin's silhouette began to gradually shrink.

"Wait! I haven't heard anything yet."

"Everything has been conveyed. This is also the last of my existence."

Once the upper floors closed, Guffin wouldn't be found anywhere in this world.

"I'll be waiting at the ultimate."

As Guffin shrank to a point and disappeared, a tremendous storm of light rushed in from where he had been.

Though no external force was contained within it, Shirone's mind became dizzy as if swept by waves and finally began to decompose into the smallest units.

"Wait. Wai..."

As the light disappeared, he could see the back of his hand reaching toward Guffin, and at that moment, Shirone's eyes closed.

"Shirone! Are you okay? Shirone!"

When Anchal tapped his cheek, Shirone's eyes snapped open.

"Huk!"

A shock of all his senses being reconstructed washed over him, as if he'd been disassembled and reassembled.

"Where is this?"

"Outside Estas. You ran out the door. I followed right after but you had collapsed."

As his senses stabilized, Shirone's eyes half-closed.

"Did you meet Guffin?"

Anchal asked just before he fell into sleep.

This too was core information about Estas's upper floors, but Shirone wasn't certain.

'Did I meet Guffin?'

He remembered having a conversation in the light, but it felt so unreal that he was convinced it must have been a dream.

"I don't know. But this is certain."

A single tear flowed down between his closing eyelids.

"I... have no roots."

Shirone fell into deep sleep again.

"So you're saying you're leaving?"

Vice-principal Olivia tilted her teacup while facing Anchal, who had come with packed luggage.

"I've obtained all the information I wanted. I need to report to His Majesty the Emperor. And to Valkyrie as well. Then all nations of the Three Empires and Seven Kingdoms will know."

Though she wondered if Anchal would really hand over classified information to other countries so readily, she had no intention of getting involved in politics.

"Either way, it'll be good for you too. Since the upper floors are closed, there's no need to shut down Estas."

"True, it'll be good news for the graduating class. One powerful competitor has disappeared."

"Of course I'm a professional, but..."

Anchal reflected on his school life so far.

"The current graduating class is quite strong. Dante, Canis, Fermi too."

These were names etched in Olivia's mind as well.

"Why are you telling me this? Weren't the incidents in the upper floors top secret?"

Anchal chuckled.

"You don't trust me. I really will share information with Valkyrie. It's too big a burden for one empire to bear alone. And..."

Anchal thought of Shirone, who had woken up this morning.

"Even if I kept quiet, the person involved in the incident attends this school."

"True..."

The secrets of the upper floors that she'd heard from Anchal were astounding.

"Yorga cast ripples in Miro's heart, and those ripples continued, giving Shirone the choice to leave Miro's space-time. Are we merely living within predetermined time?"

"I can't say for certain. I think of it this way. It's not that time is predetermined, but that we have the conviction to make the same choices."

Like Yorga, who moved forward even knowing death awaited.

"Conviction, huh."

Anchal shouldered his backpack and stood up.

"I should get going. Time is pressing. Give Shirone my regards."

"This incident won't cause trouble for Shirone, will it?"

"I can't guarantee that. I'm just a cog in the empire's machine too. But..."

After thinking for a moment, Anchal said.

"As director of the Jincheon Space Agency, I'll do my best. Tell him to contact me anytime if he needs my help."

"I will."

Having contact with a director who handled classified information even in the Jincheon Empire was a network beyond ordinary people's imagination.

"Well then..."

"Wait. Just one more thing."

Olivia stopped Anchal as he headed for the door.

"The fact that you gave Shirone a choice means Miro remembers the upper floor incident, right? How is that possible?"

After Guffin's erasure, Miro should have normally forgotten about Yorga's death.

"Well, I wonder about that too. Anyway, Miro is strong enough to be called superhuman. But on the other hand, I also think this: perhaps Yorga's death didn't just change memory, but changed Miro as a person."

"Hmm, that's possible."

Anchal shrugged.

"It's all speculation in the end. Only Miro knows the truth."

"Right."

Only Miro would know.

"Parei!"

In the second basement floor of the Marika Hotel in the Kingdom of Roblang, drinking was happening as usual today.

No one was unaware of Miro, who had been camping out at the hotel for several days, and she had tied the tavern's record by emptying a whopping twenty-one glasses of Polka.

"Amazing, miss! Twenty-one glasses of Polka! I witnessed a legend when I was sixteen, and is a new legend being born today?"

"Just one more glass and you'll achieve the record! For the first time in 34 years!"

Hearing this, Miro held out her empty glass.

"My name can't be missing from behind the word 'best'!"

While people cheered in admiration, Sein pulled Miro away with a disgusted expression.

"Stop drinking. You're really drunk now."

"Aw, what's the problem? Today's a good day."

It was the day when the politician Miro was backing had pushed through an agenda in the secret talks being conducted discreetly at the hotel.

"We'll be leaving soon, so I should fully enjoy Roblang's specialties before going."

"Even you won't be able to stay sane if you drink this much. You need to think about crisis situations too."

Miro, with both cheeks flushed red, pointed with a disheveled posture.

"Hehe, so you're waiting for me to get drunk and collapse? How cunning. Fine, let's see about that."

Miro put down her glass on the table and shouted.

"I accept the challenge!"

"Great! Hey, everyone gather around! This is the moment a new legend is born!"

Sein sighed.

'Miro, what's your reason for acting like this?'

Though she never missed out on fun, he'd never seen her binge drink like this.

"Sein, this liquor is called Polka."

Miro rested her chin on the table and spoke while watching the two-colored streams filling her glass.

"I don't want to know."

"Long ago, Roblang's fishermen enjoyed two types of liquor. Fort made in the north was distilled spirits, and Enka made in the south was fermented liquor. So when going out to the deep sea, fights would break out between northerners and southerners over which liquor was better. Finally, a captain who couldn't stand it anymore made a suggestion. Instead of fighting like this, let's mix them and all drink together. That was the beginning of Polka."

Watching the Fort and Enka swirling in the glass, Sein finally understood Miro's heart.

"What does Parei mean?"

"You and me, all of us."

"..."

The Polka was complete.

"Now! If you drink this, miss, you're the best!"

"Drink it! Drink it! Drink it!"

Miro raised both arms and smiled brightly.

"Great! Here I go!"

As Miro grabbed the glass, everyone fell silent, and the strong liquor went down her throat with gulping sounds.

"Ooh...!"

All the drinkers in the tavern confirmed the last drop was emptied, then jumped up.

"Woaaaah! Success! It's a record!"

As Miro took a deep breath and inhaled deeply, dozens of people shouted simultaneously.

"Parei!"

"Ah! This feels amazing!"

Miro stuck out her tongue and collapsed in her chair, but Sein no longer nagged her.

"Are you satisfied now?"

"Yeah. I drank to overflowing. Let's leave in the morning."

"When you wake up, will you even remember?"

"Hehe. It doesn't matter if I don't remember."

Miro looked up at the ceiling and said.

"Because the feelings remain."

"...I see."

Perhaps due to being drunk, the light coming down from the lamp appeared hazy.

'Sister Yorga, you're watching, aren't you?'

She who was small but great, lowest but looked toward higher places than anyone.

Toward the beautiful face shimmering in the mass of light, Miro raised her empty glass.

"To the future that sister and I will create together..."

Parei.