[420] In Heaven (2)

As they entered the command headquarters building and the iron door closed, the cheers from outside were cut off as if awakening from a dream.

The lights hanging from the corridor ceiling maintained only minimal brightness, and soldiers stood guard at precise intervals along the path.

Armed with Mecha Combat System Level 1, they never once looked back at Shirone's group. However, the intensity of their gazes was terrifying enough to pierce through walls.

'They're all elite soldiers.'

The Mecha race didn't possess superhuman physical abilities or magical powers, but they had the technology to compensate for both.

Since war was ultimately about winning, it would be unwise to think their military strength was weak just because their individual combat power was lacking.

The colonel guided Shirone's group to an underground bunker.

The bunker's security system was in no way inferior to the Association's technology, and when the iron door opened, numerous mechanical devices were operating.

While technicians busily moved their hands while monitoring screens, a man wearing a commander's cloak stood with his hands behind his back, watching their work.

"Commander, I've brought Mr. Shirone."

At the colonel's words, the commander turned around.

He was a man in his late twenties with a long scar running from his temple down beside his ear.

His thin lips were stubbornly closed, and through his glasses, his eyes showed both coldness and passion.

Rebel 1st Commander Crude.

He was young, just as Kanya had said.

In war, especially during wartime with a grim outlook, age wasn't particularly important.

What soldiers wanted was a commander who possessed both the courage to charge toward death first and the tactical skills to save as many people as possible.

Crude was a man who perfectly met those conditions.

He was a genius pilot who understood everything about the maintenance, operation, and control of Titans belonging to the Mecha Level 3 Combat System, and a war hero of the Mecha race with a record of defeating a 2-angle Mara.

"Are you Shirone?"

Crude extended his hand to Shirone.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Crude, 1st Commander of the rebels."

"I'm Shirone."

Crude carefully observed Shirone's group.

With his numerous combat experiences, he immediately recognized the group's strength, but his confident gaze didn't waver.

However, when he saw Flu, he briefly lingered as the twenty-eight-year-old engineer who had wrestled only with machines his entire life.

A petite woman with blue hair braided down to her waist, with a sharp style.

What particularly caught his attention was her gaze. Among the group, only she seemed tense with energy.

Like a female warrior making her first appearance on the battlefield.

But that was as far as it went.

Crude also knew the tales of Shirone, the Light of District 73, but the war he had actually experienced was too realistic to rely on mythical things.

"Let's go somewhere quiet."

Crude led everyone to a strategy meeting room deep in the bunker.

Naturally, no tea or anything was served, and as soon as they sat down, he got straight to the point.

"I heard you wanted to meet me?"

Sein sat at the negotiation table as the representative.

"We're going to attack Heaven. We request the cooperation of the rebel command."

"I refuse."

Crude's answer was immediate.

"I heard there was friction with the battalion commander. Of course, soldiers with broken spirits are useless to us too, but thinking coldly, waging war right now has no chance of victory. The idea that you can attack Heaven just because you've subdued a giant that lost its identity is nothing but delusion."

Sein nodded obediently.

He had been worried when he saw the battalion commander soaked in defeatist consciousness, but as expected, the commander was different.

"In other words, you haven't given up on the war."

"I always leave room for ceasefire or compromise. I can't let those who trust and follow me die meaningless deaths. But Heaven doesn't seem likely to view us as subjects for compromise. If we have to fight anyway, we'll have to win to survive."

"What if we had a strategy that could win?"

"Hah, nonsense."

Hundreds of thousands of rebels, combining existing heretics and citizens from Heaven, had fought against Heaven, but cases of achieving notable results could be counted on one hand.

The alliance of Nor and Mecha couldn't even catch a 3-angle Mara, let alone an Archangel. What could be accomplished by adding just ten humans?

"We'll paralyze the Aegis system with Targis. That way we can infiltrate Heaven and conduct guerrilla warfare."

Aegis, Heaven's core air defense system, was an impregnable defense barrier that could determine interception order through two hundred search methods and simultaneously attack seven thousand targets.

If they could break through it and achieve bloodless entry, it would bring a ray of hope to the rebels.

"Hehehehe."

Crude covered his face and his chest heaved.

"I don't know where you heard the word Targis, but that's one of the technologies already lost in Mecha."

Crude lowered his hand and was no longer laughing.

"Think logically. The angels wouldn't just leave alone a technology that paralyzes Heaven's interception system. To revive the technology, you'd need to access the Akashic Records. But to do that, you'd first need to break through the Aegis system. Now do you understand? The order is reversed, you fool."

Sein leaned back in his chair and crossed his legs.

"What if... I told you I have that technology?"

"What?"

Crude's face went blank.

"What kind of nonsense is that?"

"Just because it's lost technology in Heaven doesn't mean it has to be the same in earthly kingdoms. I've wandered the world for twenty years investigating everything about ancient weapons. And currently, the perfectly restored blueprints of Targis are in my head. How about it, are your gears turning now?"

Crude's eyes began to show confusion.

"If it's a lie..."

"I can restore it right now. There's no forgetting in my head. Since you're also an engineer, you should be able to understand sufficiently if you see the blueprints."

'I see. That's why he was in the Black Line...'

Shirone saw Sein in a different light.

Ancient weapons were top-secret regardless of kingdom.

Just accessing information was dangerous enough to warrant execution, yet he had been doing this solely to save Miro.

"Hmm..."

Crude was now confused too.

Who exactly were these people? Why were they trying to do what hundreds of thousands of rebels couldn't accomplish?

'No, what matters is whether they'll succeed.'

Even if they paralyzed Aegis and entered Heaven, angels and Maras, giants and fairies would be waiting.

Defeating them and infiltrating all the way to Arabot where Ankera resided would be like jumping into fire while carrying gunpowder.

'Still, it might be worth jumping in. Even if there's a 1 percent chance of victory.'

Was this a miracle? Or was it the final struggle of a candle burning brightest just before going out?

"There are... three conditions."

Though there were more conditions than expected, Sein actually felt more trust. It was proof that Crude was approaching the current plan realistically.

"Let's hear them first."

Crude counted on his fingers as he spoke.

"First, use Shirone, the Light of District 73, to persuade the 2nd Command. Even if we infiltrate Heaven, if Mecha and Nor don't unite, it'll be like hitting a rock with an egg anyway."

"That makes sense. What's next?"

"Second, even with blueprints, if it's a large-scale Targis that affects all of Heaven, we can't manufacture it here. We need to borrow the mainland's factories, so get their consent."

Sein recalled his memory of first meeting the rebels.

"The military supply community?"

"Right. Specifically, it's a defense industry company called 'Yamaeng.' It's an emerging force that grew rapidly taking advantage of Heaven's civil war, monopolizing weapon production by acquiring all military-industrial complexes. They're detestable to the rebels. But without borrowing their power, an all-out war with Heaven is impossible."

"Fine. What's the last condition?"

For the first time, Crude hesitated to make his proposal.

He didn't know how great Shirone's group was, but this wasn't something a single team could accomplish.

"To manufacture Targis, we'll probably need Black Elixir."

"Black Elixir?"

"Most life forms in Heaven generate elixir in their bodies by accepting the Life Stream flowing through the planet. There are five types: Red, Green, Yellow, White, and finally Black."

"Does it have to be Black? As far as I know, there are bypass techniques for elixirs depending on material mixing and ratios."

"Each type of elixir causes unique effects. Red affects heat, Green affects biochemical elements, Yellow affects energy property changes, and White affects atmospheric elements. Heaven's rocks are so durable they won't weather even after tens of thousands of years. That's why we need elixir that concentrates the planet's power."

Crude pointed toward the warehouse.

"For example, to cast the metal that goes into one Kuroi unit requires 8,000 Red Elixirs, but mixing White Elixir makes the thermal reaction efficiency much higher. Mixing White and Yellow can even generate electricity. Thus, elixir is the means that constitutes everything in this world."

Flu asked.

"Then what effect does Black Elixir have?"

Crude looked at Flu's face briefly, then turned his gaze to Sein and answered.

"Black Elixir, simply put, governs time."

"Time? Is it like magic?"

"No. To be precise, it reverses irreversible phenomena or accelerates them. If you use Black Elixir on a liquid where ink and water are mixed, it separates back into ink and water. In case of burns, you can use Black and Green Elixir to repair cellular damage."

"That can't be..."

Shirone couldn't believe it.

It was a phenomenon that ignored all the chemical laws he had learned in school.

Zulu asked.

"What about acceleration?"

"It shortens reaction speed. Green Elixir consists of basic elements that form living things, and mixing Black Elixir with it can cause mutations. In some cases, I've heard evolutionary results from thousands of years in the future can appear."

Gaold said.

"The Philosopher's Stone."

Shirone had heard of it too.

Though not a term commonly used in magical circles, it was called the dream material among alchemists.

A product of imagination that could turn mere iron into gold and cure patients with incurable diseases existed in Heaven.

'Could it be... then?'

There was one incident that came to Shirone's mind.

When Kanya's mother had become the target of the Ilhwa technique, a large glass sphere had been filled with black liquid.

The horrific technique of melting humans, putting them into giant statues, and casting giants like molds.

The reason it felt even more cruel was because it was a strange phenomenon his mind simply couldn't understand.

Black liquid that melted and reconstructed living beings.

If such a thing was possible in this world, Black Elixir that ignored chemical effects would definitely be involved.

Sein grasped Crude's intention.

"You're talking about using the Philosopher's Stone to shorten Targis's production process?"

"Exactly. Targis can be manufactured with existing elixirs too. But just the work of melting rocks to extract and smelt metals would consume all our time. We'll provide the equipment. Whether it's Kuroi or whatever, melt everything with Black Elixir and process the metals needed for Targis. These are the three conditions I've presented."

Armin asked.

"If we collect it through hunting, what are the odds?"

Crude shook his head.

"Zero percent. Black Elixir isn't generated in living beings' bodies. It's an element that can only be obtained from beings that transcend the flow of time—the dead."

If collecting planetary energy differed according to biological tendencies, it was quite understandable given the abnormal nature of the Philosopher's Stone.

"In the Erosion Valley northwest of the mainland, undead creatures inhabit the area. But even if you kill a thousand, you might get one or not. In other words, it's not even a 0.1 percent probability."

Gaold said dryly.

"Then what are you telling us to do?"

"There's one place. Where you can obtain Black Elixir with a 30 percent, no, 50 percent probability."

Sein asked.

"Where is that?"

Crude hesitated again here.

But realizing he couldn't stop now that he had brought it up, he opened his eyes wide and spoke.

"The world of the dead, Niflheim."