What Gerfin Left Behind (3)

Vulcan muttered.

"Hell's army has no elite forces."

When Habits stubbornly insisted on going to Tormia's capital, he had made one proposal.

Send the legion commanders' forces to various parts of the world, and attack Bashka with only the remaining 95 percent of their troops.

Paimon rolled her eyes.

"And we took massive damage because of it. Three of your precious friends came back half-crippled too."

It had been a shocking result for Vulcan as well.

Especially when he heard that Natasha had been defeated by Maha's knight, he thought it was a joke.

Paimon spoke again.

"Let's just enter Bashka now. The bio-weapon can't move anyway. We can just ignore it. There aren't many humans left to torment, but our demons keep dying for nothing."

"Since when do you care about soldiers? And if we enter Bashka, we might take even greater losses than now."

"That's also your delusion. More importantly, Satan desires it. Change course to Bashka right now."

Vulcan didn't respond.

'Habits won't return.'

Having watched Habits closely for so long, he could sense it intuitively.

'Habits' law far transcends any future humans can predict. That means leaving the battlefield is far more advantageous for him.'

If that were the case...

'It's an opportunity.'

Vulcan's eyes gleamed.

'We won't go to Bashka. No, even if we do, it'll be in the distant future. For now, we break through the flower garden and advance into the central continent.'

Even if he were imprisoned for disobeying the king's orders, fighting the best possible war was a military commander's duty.

"For now, we advance."

Upon hearing Vulcan's command, killing intent flashed in Paimon's eyes.

'Tch, a mere human.'

If he weren't someone Satan favored, she would have dragged him off his horse and beaten him to a pulp immediately.

'Hm?'

Just then, a demon flew down from above and emitted ultrasonic waves that humans couldn't hear.

"Lady Paimon, we've located Satan's position. He's currently heading toward Kashan. And..."

Paimon, who had been listening expressionlessly without showing anything to Vulcan, twitched beneath her eyes.

"Hehe."

After hearing the demon's full report, a chilling smile had formed on her lips.

While the most intense fighting was in Tormia, large and small conflicts were occurring worldwide. As countless kingdoms fell, stars below Ivory Tower's 4-star level carried out their respective missions.

Among them, the mission given to the System Inspection Department's stars was humanitarian relief activities.

"There's war everywhere we go."

Besides the main force of hell's army attacking Tormia, there were demons acting independently.

First, there were the deserter demons that emerged because over 60 of the 72 legion commanders had been annihilated.

While demons certainly followed Satan, they were also beings born from Satan's chaos, so their methods of obedience varied.

Particularly strong demons proclaimed themselves legion commanders and occupied some cities, brutally enslaving the humans there.

"Truly an apocalyptic age."

An old man with completely white hair spread disheveled spoke while surveying below the cliff.

"It's a world where fighters get attention, but this work has value too. I mean, not creating situations where fighting is necessary."

System Inspection Department 3-star resident Arnold Lampa.

At 112 years old, he was well-versed in world affairs, and aside from occasionally having tea with the dream-person Luber, he had no special activities. Yet he was second-in-command after System Inspection Department Five-Star Freed because he wielded information magic called Telebird.

His transmission range practically dominated half the planet.

It was transmission power that only he, possessing the world's greatest detached-type Spirit Zone, could achieve.

"Tweet tweet, good girl."

When Lampa bent his index finger, a blue lark was born and flapped its wings.

"Enemy spotted at Amore Hill. Estimated average force rating A-grade. Slowly advancing toward Bekid Village."

After recording the information and raising his finger, the telebird soared up and then shot out as a straight beam of light.

The young man in his twenties following Lampa said:

"A-grade again this time."

A fair-faced scholar from the East.

Overall handsome, but with slightly drooping eyes.

He was Lampa's satellite, a man named Chong.

"It's too much for the armies of fallen kingdoms to handle. Shouldn't we provide support?"

"We'd need forces to support them with. Don't get cocky just because you're young. Running away is the best option."

When Lampa bent his middle finger, this time a red-glowing telebird was born.

"I repeat, run away without even changing your underwear. I take no responsibility for what happens after."

Watching the red flash shoot toward the horizon, Chong clenched his fists.

"Damn it! If only I'd learned combat magic."

"Sit down. People need to know their place. It's not that those who learn combat magic fight. Those who fight learn combat magic. This suits your aptitude."

Chong's lips protruded in a pout.

"You used to say I had no talent."

"That's because you worry about pointless things. Be honest. You have no intention of developing information magic and just go around charming women with weird techniques, don't you?"

Chong's face reddened.

"Ch-charm? Who am I charming? And have I ever actually succeeded with any woman?"

In his own way, he had tried.

His face was decent, and while he was somewhat naive, his personality wasn't particularly rough.

"Do you want to date?"

"Yes! Of course. Master, do you know what I find most unfair about the world being in this state? That I've never experienced passionate love."

"If it was difficult during peaceful times, then it's all water under the bridge. Making light butterflies doesn't work on women these days. Strong men are the trend of this era."

"Tch, that's why I'm trying to learn combat magic..."

Lampa chuckled and turned his head.

"How about meeting some of the stars or satellites? There are many decent ladies. If they're 3-star or below, I could set you up."

"The stars?"

While rolling his eyes once to recall the various stars, Chong made a disgusted expression.

"I don't want that. They're all weird."

"Hehe! That's just on the surface - they're all tender-hearted. Besides, with such high standards, where will you..."

Suddenly Lampa's face hardened.

Chong felt the same energy, and without either saying anything first, both lowered their stances.

"Concealment."

As Chong spread a curtain of light and waited, a group of troops passed below the hill.

'What's that guy?'

The demon walking at the front. Several twisted horns like a buffalo curved down to his back, and he had brown skin with four arms.

'Just from the features... Vasago?'

He had been the 3rd Legion Commander of hell's army.

'But why is he here? No, has the entire 3rd Legion withdrawn from the front lines?'

Division commanders followed behind Vasago. A corpse-like woman, a man whose right arm dragged on the ground, a monster with exposed ribs showing its belly.

"Chong."

When there was no response to his call, he turned his head to find his disciple's face pale with fear.

"...Chong, analyze this."

The key to information transmission was speed and accuracy.

Not just sending fast and far, but knowing how to objectively assess situations.

"First."

Chong gulped and spoke.

"The division commanders are all S-grade or higher. That female form looks like it might even be capable of Double S."

"Good."

His rough assessment was accurate even without information about the 3rd Legion.

"And the one at the front is..." Chong chewed his lips in agony before speaking with difficulty.

"Probably Triple S..."

Lampa's eyes twitched.

"...I don't know what stage that is, but it's much higher than that."

Lampa's lips curved upward.

'Chong has no information about the 3rd Legion.'

For special training, Lampa had told Chong nothing about their enemies.

'And he's never experienced a Triple S existence either. Yet being able to analyze accurately means...'

It was clear evidence that Chong's intuition reached realms humans couldn't sense.

'A genius of sixth sense.'

Probably tens of thousands of times better than an insect's.

"Not bad for a guess. But if you transmit information with such expressions, it creates confusion for the receiver. You're seeing with your eyes, but the recipient has to imagine. Without clear definitions, they might feel terror."

"Then how should I define it?"

"G1, G2, G3. Grades beyond grades. Since we can't quantify force levels specifically, we divide them by perceived grades. Here, G usually means universal gravitation."

"Um, like gravity?"

"Anything. It's a force that fundamentally acts in this world. If you wanted to eliminate universal gravitation, how would you do it?"

Chong's brow furrowed.

"It's impossible. I might be able to resist it momentarily, but as long as the world exists, I can't eliminate it."

"That's what that guy is. G1."

"You get the feeling, right? The reason we specifically define it as universal gravitation is because it's the most neutral force recipients can perceive. With tsunamis, typhoons, lightning, or volcanoes, personality gets attached and there's room for subjective interpretation. If you say 'typhoon-level,' people usually think of something fast or rough."

Chong understood.

"But if the enemy is strong enough to warrant calling it G1, how do we defeat it?"

"That's not for information transmitters to consider. Other G1s or G2s will handle it."

Lampa raised his fingers one by one.

"G2 is twice universal gravitation, G3 is three times. There's nothing beyond that. We shouldn't create it either. Because..."

"It becomes difficult to perceive, so we lose objectivity."

"Right. The extent that ordinary humans can realistically imagine is limited to three times. Anyway, that guy heading over there is called Vasago. I don't know about the demon realm, but if he goes all out, he might become a G2-level disaster."

Chong answered as he'd learned.

"That's not for information transmitters to worry about."

"Right. What I want to say is, why the hell is that guy here? According to my information, all of hell's army's upper legion commanders went to Tormia. If he's returned for some reason..."

Lampa's words cut off abruptly.

Without even blinking an eyelid, lost in thought, four deep wrinkles carved into his forehead.

"Oh, shit."

Chong was anxious.

He knew how world affairs changed whenever harsh words came from his master's mouth.

"Why, why are you like this?"

Lampa cupped his chin.

'Should I send information now? No, I can't be certain yet. It might be the error of judging the whole by an unusual variable. But if my prediction is correct...'

He gritted his molars.

'I have no choice but to do high-speed transmission while directly confirming.'

Lampa stood up and said:

"I'm going to tour the world briefly. It won't take long, so you handle this place for now. Trust your intuition."

"Me? You said absolutely no real action until you returned? That I'd ruin the world."

"We're all going to die soon anyway. You do it."

"Wait! Master!"

Before Chong could finish speaking, Lampa's body transformed into a flash of light and shot into the sky.

The spatial movement distance from the world's greatest detached-type Spirit Zone was beyond imagination.

Kiiiiiiing.

With the roar still remaining, Chong stared blankly at his departing master.

Roughly every 10 kilometers, photon transmissions began shooting out beyond the trajectory - golden birds.

'Real-time transmission magic, Goldbird.'

As if given spin, countless flashes drew spectacular curves and bent toward the holy war.