Fine Tuning (3)

The shock the demons received the moment they confirmed that Oris had protected Sirone was beyond imagination.

"H-how could you..."

Not only was there hatred toward Yahweh, but the 7th Corps Commander was the most respected demon in the city.

Whether it was a choice even she could barely endure, Oris's eyes were filled with terror.

'I hate Yahweh too. I really hate him.'

But Yuphi.

Even if she had deceived herself, that lie of being able to smile together with Yahweh was so precious.

"Go."

Oris pushed Sirone away.

"Go anywhere. Rather than dying a dog's death here, it's better to die fighting."

The demons screamed in rage.

"What are you doing, Oris! Do you know what you're doing right now!"

Before the common sense, system, and righteousness that supported this world, she would have no room to argue back, but...

"I'll believe you."

There are also logics that cannot be explained.

"You must have your circumstances too."

Even when you try your best to do well, sometimes everything becomes a complete mess.

"So please... just go."

Damn this world.

A method to make everyone happy probably doesn't even exist in the human realm.

"Oris."

Isn't it ecstatic just to imagine?

That imagination was so beautiful and thrilling that Sirone couldn't give up on it.

"I'm sorry."

A smile formed on Oris's lips as she was momentarily surprised.

And shortly after, her back began to brighten, and hellfire began burning from her spine.

"Gasp!"

The fire spread instantly, and before she could do anything, her body vanished.

Lete's voice was heard.

"How shameful, my child."

Without even looking at her, Sirone reached out toward where Oris's memory remained.

Nothing was caught.

As Sirone slowly stood up, golden smoke finally began rising fiercely from her body.

"Lete, do you really have to go this far?"

"What are you talking about? In the end, you're the one who killed Oris. Doing nothing is the way to help us."

Lete was an administrator. Therefore, unlike other demons, she held no special hatred toward Yahweh.

That made her even angrier.

"Lete."

The moment Sirone gritted her teeth, the surrounding demons blocked her path.

"Grrr. Yahweh, how far do you intend to corrupt us? How far will you look down on us?"

"I don't want to fight you guys."

That would be what Oris had left for Sirone while accepting annihilation.

"Hmph! Nonsense. You always say that. And then you'll massacre us again."

"Move aside. I want to talk with Lete."

Though Sirone's voice was earnest, to the demons it felt more like being ignored.

After briefly exchanging glances with each other, they charged without hesitation.

"Kraaah! Kill Yahweh!"

To Sirone, wrapped in Miracle Stream, all their movements were clearly visible, but...

'This again?'

Her heart wouldn't move easily.

'Until when exactly...'

Kill, kill, and kill more, until there's no longer even a target to argue against.

'Is that victory?'

Is that truly the fulfillment of belief?

In Sirone's clear eyes, the faces of demons writhing in rage appeared.

"Dieeeee..."

The moment the leading demon raised a massive axe over 2 meters long and swung his arm.

KWAAAAANG!

A pit of fire that fell from the sky exploded, completely burning the surrounding demons.

"Kraaaah!"

As a demon whose limbs were torn off by the shockwave screamed, Lete frowned.

"...Is that you?"

A woman whose entire body was burning like heated stone held red clubs in both hands.

Sirone tilted her head.

"Son Yoo Jung? Why are you here?"

Burning almost white-hot, she bared her fangs and shouted.

"You told me to come! What are you doing right now? You lectured me plenty about the Geumganggyeong, but now you're groveling to demons?"

When Sirone slightly frowned, Son Yoo Jung came to her senses and flinched her shoulders.

"I mean, well... that's how it is. You could say my true feelings just came out, yes."

"Haak! Haak! Lady Son Yoo Jung! It's too hot, I'm dying!"

Richera's face poked out from her waist, groaning, but the heat couldn't be reduced.

'That one's real.'

The opponent strong enough to make Son Yoo Jung unconsciously grip her staff tighter was Lete.

'That hair ghost next to her (Itaka) is pretty good too, but this woman is on a different level.'

She wanted to fight.

"I'm going!"

Just as Son Yoo Jung bared her fangs and increased her firepower, Sirone spoke.

"Stop."

Just the feeling of Geumgangga slightly tightening around her throat was enough to make Son Yoo Jung look up in shock.

"Urgh!"

As the Avatar of the Vajra weakened and the fire died down, Richera finally exhaled.

"I have something to discuss with Lete."

"...Yes."

As Son Yoo Jung retreated without any will to resist, Sirone approached Lete.

"Lete."

Though her voice was earnest like comforting a child, Lete's eyes didn't waver at all.

"Stop calling me and say what you want to say. Come on, I'll listen to at least one thing."

"Let me ask just one thing."

Power entered Sirone's eyes, and the Miracle Stream surrounding her body shot up as if ascending to heaven in reverse.

Lightning

"Who am I?"

As the pillar of light gradually began to widen its radius, the demons started backing away hesitantly.

"Grrrr!"

An aura completely different from the Yahweh they imagined was overwhelming the entire city.

Itaka raised her head vertically and looked up at the light that pierced through the clouds of fire.

'Was it this much?'

Like the other 7th Corps Commanders would be, she abandoned the thought of fighting Yahweh at this moment.

"Answer me."

All the demons' gazes focused on one place, and Lete just kept her mouth shut.

Depending on her answer, Labyrinth City would be purified in an instant.

"In the end, it's a threat..."

"Lete."

Sirone cut her off.

"I asked who I am."

As the ascending stream of light became more turbulent, the demons felt burning pain.

"Grrrr!"

Only Lete could endure it, and finally an answer was uttered.

"Yahweh."

Knowing it wasn't the correct answer, she wrinkled her nose and added.

"...sir."

"Lady Lete?"

At the sight of her using honorifics toward Yahweh, not only the residents but even the 7th Corps Commander's eyes widened.

But it was only natural.

"Buddha no longer exists. The world's balance has collapsed, and hell now rests in my hands. No matter how much you try to corrupt me, there's nothing left to shake."

Lete understood exactly.

"Since the supreme administrator has disappeared, we must serve accordingly. What do you want from me?"

"Purification of the demon realm."

"Impossible. You want me to kill all my children?"

"At least eliminate the corps commanders' demon realms. Then I won't stir up the other world either."

Since Lete's mission was to maintain hell's system, it wasn't a bad proposal.

'It's not a good proposal either, which is the problem.'

Dispelling the demon realms was not only complicated work, but would also weaken Satan's power.

But accepting it here would mean Sirone's rage would shake hell.

Then a pig-squealing voice was heard.

"Oink oink. Boss?"

At the voice that made her burst with rage just hearing it, Lete turned her head savagely.

Monolas, looking like a beggar, stood with Assistant Manager Void.

"You bastard...!"

Seeing sparks fly from Lete's eyes, Void hurriedly bowed his head.

"I'm sorry! I clearly told him it was urgent business, but he stubbornly went to the gambling city..."

Just that was enough to paint the entire situation in her mind.

"Boss!"

Monolas approached with an aggrieved expression.

"I was conned! Damn it! Those guys were complete hustlers! How could they pull that hand with a 2% probability right when I bet all my assets! Oink oink!"

As Lete stared blankly at Monolas's shameless appearance, Void squeezed his eyes shut.

"I'm sorry! We should have stopped there, but the secretary manager ended up betting even the chemical company shares..."

As if suddenly remembering, Monolas continued.

"Right, my shares! I lost all my shares that I gathered through all kinds of corruption! Boss, please go get them back for me."

"Monolas."

Lete slowly approached.

"Yes. Oink oink."

Lete, who had been looking at Monolas with a pale face, extended both hands.

Her palms touched his chest, and Lete muttered with a still dazed expression.

"I'll get them all back for you."

"Huh? Really? Oink oink."

"Of course, I'll get them all back. It's good you came quickly. I'll let you have all the fun you want, so just do me one favor."

"...I don't want to work."

"I'll even let you enter the boss's office. You can come in anytime you want."

"Ooh?"

Monolas's eyes sparkled for the first time, but soon he made an indifferent expression.

"If it's really annoying work, I won't do it."

"Do you see Yahweh over there?"

Rotating from his waist, Monolas stared intently at Sirone wrapped in light.

Lete said.

"Kill her."

After a long silence, Monolas's eyes narrowed and the corners of his mouth rose.

"Ah, good thing."

Before the first vibration of *thump* could even finish, Monolas charged at Sirone.

KUKUKUKUKUKUKU!

The entire city shook, and Sirone, sensing the eeriness, retreated at tremendous speed.

"Because it's easy work."

At that moment, Son Yoo Jung, wrapped in flames, blocked the front and contorted her face.

"Kiiiiii!"

Not for anyone else.

It was the battle monkey's instinct that activated without time for rational thought.

'How strong is this guy?'

Feeling an overwhelming sensation, Son Yoo Jung's staff bloomed like flower petals as it struck.

"Grrrl!"

When Monolas swung his arm, a cracking sound came from the Stone Monkey Avatar.

"Huh?"

*Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!*

When she briefly regained consciousness, she was flying several kilometers like a bouncing ball.

'Ymir?'

If she had to compare, it was like that.

Having bounced Son Yoo Jung away, Monolas caught up to Sirone's speed and threw a punch.

"Grrrrrrrr!"

The wind pressure was visible, and the shape of a giant fist pressed forward, crumpling space.

'Hand of God!'

As a fist of light gathered from the sky struck the wind pressure head-on, a spherical shockwave occurred.

AAAAAAAAA!

Half the city was blown away as the demons' screams drifted faintly.

"Grrrrrr!"

Having experienced one exchange, Sirone had the exact same thought as Son Yoo Jung.

'Ymir.'

However, digging a little deeper as Yahweh.

'Ymir's Demon.'

Just like reality, mysteries that haven't been revealed exist in the other world too.

'One of the greatest topics. Countless demons searched for Ymir's Demon but ultimately couldn't find it.'

Lete had been monopolizing it.

"Boss's office... boss's office..."

Monolas muttered while flaring his nostrils, then shouted so loud his jaw seemed ready to dislocate.

"I'm going iiiiiin!"

From his seemingly crude and impulsive personality, Sirone felt doubt.

'This is Ymir's emotion?'

Giants cannot reproduce.

'Could it be?'

The moment Sirone's eyes widened in realization, the second strike hit.

KWAAAAANG!

A force more than 10 times stronger than the first shockwave swept across hell's vast plains.

One of Monolas's eyelids lifted.

"Ooh?"

The reason for his surprise was that he didn't know something that couldn't be destroyed by his fist could exist.

"Sirone, are you okay?"

Lian, who had somehow blocked the front, was blocking Monolas's fist with his sword.