[735] Two Gazes (4)

Labyrinth Andre

World Number 1.

Sirone's body began to spread throughout the world, emitting the radiance of a massive cross.

It was a sacrifice to revive the countless beings that had disappeared as history was twisted.

'Both the lives that have passed and the lives yet to be born.'

All are precious.

Watching Sirone gradually disappear into light, the Mudeung Dragon Karatorsa lowered his body.

"Through you, we shall exist."

The countless dragons floating in the sky descended behind Karatorsa and imitated his actions.

"Through you, we shall exist."

Mitochondria Eve shed tears.

"Sirone..."

With this, history would be restored to its rightful place, and she too would be able to become the Empire's Empress in the future.

"Remember this light, Blitz."

Taking in the particles of light that filled the sky, Karatorsa conveyed to Blitz.

"This is life."

Blitz did not answer, but this memory would endure unchanged in his mind through countless ages.

Labyrinth Andre

World Number 283.

As divine punishment struck, the bodies of the army ants that had invaded the Garnet Kingdom shattered into pieces.

"M-mage."

When Merot trembled her antennae in fear, Sirone stroked her gently.

"It's okay. There's nothing to be afraid of."

This world is someone's dream.

Therefore, Sirone could close his eyes at any moment and turn away from all of this.

'But...'

If even the desire for happiness is an illusion, then what reason would there be to be born into this world in the first place?

"Everything will be fine."

Taking Merot with him, Sirone headed to the chamber where the owner of the Garnet Kingdom, the Queen, resided.

"The 13th Night is...!"

Upon reaching the entrance, Merot screamed.

"No one can approach!"

The 13th Night, activating incarnation techniques while rolling on the ground, had already lost half of his six legs.

"Yes, I know."

Sirone looked lovingly at the 13th Night, who was engaged in a desperate battle against the powerful army ants.

To him, Garnet was just one of countless entities with biologically similar information, but...

"That's why it exists."

We are meant to love what resembles us, and thus we will eternally reach toward an ever-wider world.

"Kruaaaah!"

The screams of the 13th Night, surrounded by army ants, echoed through the cave.

Unable to escape the Queen's chamber, Garnet could only tremble before the death of her children.

'Pain. Terrible pain.'

Even so, we would continue our journey toward happiness, endlessly repeating feeding and reproduction.

'Yes, this is how it should be.'

"Mother! Mother!"

As Merot burst with anger pheromones and charged forward, the 13th Night, crushed by army ants, shouted.

"Don't come! Get out of here!"

Merot had a mission to safely escape the colony and create a new one.

Sirone understood all of their hearts.

'Even the lives of small creatures are no different.'

Immortal Function.

As Sirone's body emitted intense light, all the ants filling the cave simultaneously stopped fighting.

"This is..."

It was the light of life.

"Wh-what's happening?"

As 19,000 crosses filled Andre's labyrinth, Kido looked around with a terrified expression.

"What's going on? Why so suddenly?"

What was truly serious was that Sirone's body currently in the labyrinth was also glowing in the same form.

Seongeum finally realized.

'Could it be that he was exploring all of Andre's worlds?'

For Sirone, who dominated time as Seongeum dominated space, it wasn't impossible.

But the fact that he had exceeded his own limits while wandering through 19,000 worlds was increasingly shocking to contemplate.

"This is bad...! It's going to collapse!"

If the entrances to countless worlds exploded simultaneously, the collapse of the cave's foundation was only a matter of time.

'No, it's not just that level.'

Remembering why it was originally called a prison of time and space, time and space would become completely jumbled.

"We need to escape first!"

Just as Seongeum widened her eyes to cast an ether wave.

"Prison of time and space."

Nane muttered indifferently.

'The 19,000 worlds defined by Maclean Guffin.'

Though Nane had devoured Ankera's dream, only vague assumptions were possible regarding Guffin.

'They are being integrated again.'

In a situation impossible without perfectly understanding Guffin's intentions, Nane took a step forward.

"What dream are you dreaming?"

He had to ask.

"In this nightmare where only terrible annihilation awaits, what hope are you harboring?"

Nane slowly extended his hand.

"You must be wrong."

Sermon

End終.

A red sword containing the concept of universal annihilation pierced through the ceiling and shot up, then struck down to the ground at light speed.

The vertical flash was so fast it seemed to connect ground and sky, making reaction impossible.

"Kugh!"

Yet the reason Kido's groan could be heard was because Nane's truth failed to penetrate the ground.

"How?"

Nane's sermon, End終, was trembling as if blocked by something just above the ground.

Seongeum's head slowly turned.

"Sirone."

Looking at Sirone's body becoming transparent like clear water, tears formed in her eyes.

"Until the very end..."

If Nane's Kar had been perfect, there would have been no life form in this universe capable of denying his truth.

But the fact that End終 could not pierce through meant there was still another opinion that denied Nane's enlightenment.

"I want to live."

The life force that Sirone was spreading was blocking Nane from reaching perfection.

Tears flowed down Seongeum's cheek.

"I was foolish."

Strong or weak, all were merely dice games endlessly circling the cycle of life.

Therefore, Sirone was willingly sacrificing himself for life itself, preventing the universe's annihilation.

"No."

Seongeum shook her head while sobbing.

"You can't leave like that, Sirone."

Though blocking Nane's truth with brilliant will, Sirone would eventually spread into infinity.

"You are wrong, Sirone."

As Nane pressed his palm downward, the sermon End終 began writhing terrifyingly toward the ground.

"Kughhhh!"

Simultaneously, the cross light emanating from Sirone became more intense, but this only hastened his dissolution.

"Momentary hope cannot save the world."

If the world's suffering could disappear merely by loving something, Nane would have sacrificed his body thousands of times.

"Human emotions are nothing but mirages once they pass. Who will remember you?"

For living beings, being alive is such a natural thing that no one would commemorate Sirone.

"Seen from afar, everyone is just pushing burdens onto each other, passing pain around."

Infinitely reincarnating, and therefore all suffering.

"I will sever it."

As Sirone's consciousness faded, Nane's sermon End終 dug into the ground with terrifying force.

"Is this the end..."

As Mungyeong muttered with a pale face, the voice of Sirone, now dissolved like smoke, could be heard.

"Even if life has no meaning, I will protect life until the end in this nightmare."

"Why? In a world that ends when you close your eyes, what reason is there to endure suffering and exist?"

"There's no reason."

Isn't it enough to simply love?

"We are..."

As Sirone's body, completely spread into light, disappeared, his voice echoed through space like a hallucination.

Because we exist without reason.

"No! Sirone!"

Seongeum ran toward the space where light had spread, flailing desperately, but there was nothing to grasp.

"No reason?"

Though the being blocking Nane had disappeared, he did not completely drive down the sermon End終.

"Sirone, that is more than any truth I know..."

It was an incorrect derivation of results.

"Is that enlightenment? Is that truly Guffin's intention? To live without reason, die without reason, reproduce without reason, eat without reason?"

No answer came.

While frustrating for Nane, it was devastating sorrow for all who knew Sirone.

Kido hung his head.

"Is it over now?"

"No."

In contrast, Lian still burned with fighting spirit, staring at the empty space where Sirone had disappeared.

"He can't disappear like this."

Though a Yaksha's will is strong enough to deny reality, Lian could not revive Sirone with Denai.

"Give up. Sirone has become infinite."

Seongeum looked around at the transparent air surrounding them with sorrowful eyes.

Everywhere yet nowhere, he had become such a vast consciousness, completely permeating the world.

Nane spoke.

"Do not grieve. This too is merely a dream, so what reason is there to exist and bear sorrow?"

Nane placed his hand on the handle of the sermon End終 and pressed down hard with all his weight.

"This is the end."

It was a situation that would dizzy anyone witnessing the universe's end, and Mungyeong squeezed both eyes shut.

"Why..."

Nane's voice was heard.

When everyone checked that spot, the sword of apocalypse was slowly pushing up against Nane's palm, rising.

"Why can't I achieve it?"

Nane's Kar was still not perfect.

"Is there still something left that denies my truth?"

"Lian! Over there...!"

Where Kido was pointing, faint particles of light were gathering one by one.

"It's not over."

As World Number 2940 exploded with a bang, more light particles began to cluster.

Then World Number 8765 exploded, followed by World 32, World 10837, World 8546, World 4109...

Bang bang bang bang bang bang bang!

As all 19,000 worlds were simultaneously liberated, the mass of light began to take human form.

Seongeum spoke with a trembling voice.

"It's not one."

The Immortal Function that began in the samadhi of emptiness was breaking through each world and climbing back up.

Kido shouted while shedding tears.

"Sironeeeee!"

Light has no will.

Therefore, the reason this phenomenon of mere photon aggregation could precisely assemble Sirone's form was...

"Hexa."

Because no cause exists.

"Kughhhh!"

As the consciousness that had spread to infinity reformed into a body, Sirone grimaced in pain.

"He's back! Sirone has returned!"

While welcome news for those who waited, the process of being demoted from supreme consciousness to living being was terrible for the person experiencing it.

'Feeding and reproduction.'

However, since it was something already experienced, the process of installing biological systems was more flexible than before.

"Nane, your heart that sympathizes with the world isn't wrong either. But we will exist until the end."

Confirming Sirone's clear gaze, Seongeum trembled as if she couldn't understand.

"Th-that's impossible. That is..."

An impossible thing.

As a fellow Unlocker, Seongeum knew better than anyone that a consciousness expanded to infinity could not return.

'No, there's just one way...'

Seongeum, recalling the only method, stared at Sirone with a shocked expression.

The Infinite Mage.