The World They Live In (3)

Meanwhile, in the officials' seating area, the head of the Vark family and his only daughter Aileen were also in attendance.

"Aileen, go home now. This is a serious matter. It's not something for someone your age to see."

Aileen stubbornly refused.

"I know everything there is to know now. And since they're going to be my bodyguards, it's only natural that I watch."

The hunters gathered today would be classified according to their abilities and assigned to appropriate positions.

However, it was also well known that skilled individuals would likely end up as personal bodyguards for high-ranking officials.

'Didn't he come? That idiot...'

The person Aileen was looking for was Rian.

'This was his chance to make an impression on our family. I was going to give him special consideration if he just showed up.'

She felt irritated for no reason.

"Huh?"

As she looked around with disappointment, she spotted a familiar face among the guards.

'There he is!'

Rian was watching the interviews from the top of the colosseum.

"Mister, no, oppa!"

Just as Aileen was waving both arms above her head, Jenia, who was next to Rian, shouted.

"You bastard!"

Without time to stop her, she kicked off from the stairs and leaped into the colosseum.

'I'm going to kill you!'

The image of her parents' bodies torn into dozens of pieces by Nike's whip was vivid in her mind.

'Because of you, because of you...!'

She too had been dragged to some nameless laboratory and subjected to horrific experiments too terrible to describe.

"Hiyaaaa!"

The moment Jenia swung her dark blade toward Nike, there was a crack, and half her vision disappeared.

"What...!"

Rian, who had been coming down the stairs, shouted.

"Jenia! Fall back!"

The person involved probably didn't realize it, but her left eye had burst from Nike's whip strike.

'Incredible reaction speed. He's strong.'

The fact that it was daytime, ruled by the sun, made it even more chilling.

"Rian!"

Benov blocked his path.

"Did you find the spy?"

Rian looked toward Jenia, but she was already hidden by countless hunters.

'Damn it!'

Changing direction, he ran toward where the officials were with Benov, saying,

"There are two vampires. The aide in the shadows and the old man sitting in the VIP section."

"Schovel."

If the section chief of Zive's intelligence department was a vampire, any strategy would have been in the palm of his hand.

"I'll arrest him. You save your colleague."

That was the agreement.

"You can't handle it alone. They're Almas too."

Since Rian's words were true, Benov had no choice but to close his mouth helplessly.

"Vampire! Kill him!"

On the colosseum side, hunters were positioned in a circle around Nike.

'This is before the king. If I show my skills here...'

I could gain the king's recognition.

'You're wrong, idiots.'

Jenia, who had been baptized by Nike and regained her senses, gritted her teeth.

Being caught up in the desire for recognition meant they weren't qualified as vampire hunters.

'Nothing can comfort us.'

Those who had nothing left but anger toward vampires were instead calmly keeping their distance.

"Nike, is it?"

An old man with a goatee approached Jenia as she recovered her eyeball with Blood Cure.

"A priest who wields twin iron whips. They say he's the strongest Almas, and even if we all attack together, we won't have a chance of winning."

"So... you're going to run away?"

"When I was seven, a vampire killed my mother."

The old man looked to be over sixty.

"Even at that young age, I thought this: it probably doesn't take more than 30 minutes to kill one person."

The old man's eyes, bloodshot red, shed tears of blood as he looked at Jenia.

"There's nowhere to run, is there?"

From this terrible hell of the heart.

"How boring."

When Nike swung both whips simultaneously, the air resonated with a whoosh and the hunters' bodies were torn to shreds.

"Now!"

Using the advance guard as sacrifices, the hunters all charged at Nike with fury.

"No!"

Nike is strong.

"You're Silver Bone, aren't you?"

The old man next to Jenia pulled out a drug injector and smiled faintly.

"Please live. I'm begging you."

Though he would throw himself into fury, someone had to survive to finish off the vampires.

"Mooooooom!"

With a heart-rending scream, the old man charged forward with his eyelids pulled back as if his eyeballs would pop out.

"Don't expect mercy without pain."

Two 3.8-meter whips moved as if alive, clawing at the hunters.

"Kuk!"

As if dozens of saw cuts had been applied at once, bones were torn and flesh scattered in all directions.

"This can't be."

Jenia's shoulders trembled.

"The difference is this great?"

Even with drug injectors, flame throwers, and metal weapons all deployed, they couldn't even wound Nike.

'Fighting under sunlight...'

Indeed, Jenia, whose hood had been removed, felt like she was breathing fire with every breath.

"Haaa."

Hot steam poured from Nike's mouth as he turned his body and swung his whip.

"God."

Every time this hot energy seeped into his lungs, he had the illusion of being alive.

"Do not forgive me."

If only he could.

"Kill him! Kill the vampire!"

Before long, the ground was covered with hundreds of pieces of torn flesh.

"Your Majesty, it would be best if you evacuated."

While protected by Zive's royal guard 'Shinjang', King Meyer didn't move a single step.

There were too many eyes watching to flee from just one vampire.

Knowing this fact, the high-ranking officials also maintained their positions, but their insides were burning.

'Damn it. Let's just go inside. We can just let the hunters fight, can't we?'

Whoever moved first would be the coward, and political enemies would later use this as ammunition for attacks.

The officials inwardly sneered when they noticed the king's expression had turned pale.

'Hmph, at least you have Shinjang protecting you.'

They thought that even if not as good as Pungjang, the royal guard level of the Seven Kings would at least not die.

"The civilian casualties are severe. Send the 3rd Army to suppress it."

Perhaps realizing the officials' attention, Meyer pointed to the colosseum and gave orders.

"But Your Majesty, if we split our forces..."

"They came to help the kingdom. Letting them be massacred like this would also tarnish my name."

The royal guard captain, who couldn't disobey the king's command, looked at the 3rd Army and gave orders.

"Capture the vampire."

When twenty armored soldiers simultaneously landed in the colosseum, the ground shook with a thud.

"Ready!"

A stance with both legs together, waist slightly twisted back, and hands gripping sword hilts.

"Target acquired!"

As those who had honed the art of sword-drawing analyzed the battlefield, the 3rd Army captain shouted.

"Charge!"

Those who had leaned forward at the same angle suddenly disappeared from their positions.

"Attack!"

When the 4-stage chain that would finish any enemy in one strike was completed, twenty flashes of light covered Nike in a vertical net.

"Kruuuu!"

The whip form disappeared and the roar of crackling static electricity took its place.

"My, my goodness...!"

The eyes of the officials watching from the colosseum widened, and even King Meyer made a choking sound.

"Even Shinjang level isn't enough?"

Twenty royal guards whose armor had been torn like paper fell to the floor, separated into blood and flesh.

"Haaaaa."

The battle entered a brief lull, and Nike raised his head and exhaled white smoke.

Even if his hand moved just one centimeter, the tip of the whip writhed like an eel.

"Your Majesty! You must take cover!"

The royal guard captain felt shame, but the king's safety was the top priority.

"Hmm."

Meyer reluctantly rose from his seat, and the officials also stealthily glanced around and headed toward the exit.

Benov shouted.

"Don't move! There are vampires!"

As everyone froze, Information Department Chief Schovel suddenly stood up and shouted.

"Block him!"

The aide who jumped out from the shadows blocked Benov's path, but his neck was severed by Rian's strike.

'Certainly can't use their power during the day.'

The vampire named Nike was abnormal.

"Kyaa!"

At Aileen's scream, he turned his head to see the head of the Vark family caught in Schovel's grasp.

"Dad! Let go of my dad!"

"Shut up! A mere human..."

Schovel, dissolved into black smoke, flew toward Aileen while holding the family head.

"Die."

Just before the impact hit, a great sword pierced through Schovel's heart and pushed forward.

"Kueok!"

The smoke was sucked in around the sword as Schovel returned to human form.

"Heurp!"

Rian ran to where the sun was shining and drove the great sword into the ground with Schovel's body skewered on it.

"Kraaaaa!"

Unable to regenerate powerfully and exposed to sunlight, his skin began to burn rapidly.

"Let go! Let me go!"

Though he scratched frantically with steel-like claws, 〈Idea〉 didn't even get a scratch.

"Oppa! Come this way!"

As the officials' attention focused on Rian, who had quickly dealt with two Almas, Aileen quickly took control of the conversation.

Rian looked back toward the colosseum.

"Jenia."

Among the countless hunters shedding tears of blood, he could see her fighting while inhaling Blood Cure.

Even with her right ankle severed, the sight of her running by striking the ground with bone looked precarious.

"Please take your daughter and evacuate."

The head of Vark shook his head.

"No, you come with us too. Protect my daughter. I'll pay you whatever you want."

The one taking Rian away was a person of power.

"Oppa, you'll protect our family, right? Right?"

Rian looked around at the officials who were all watching him with expectant eyes.

"From what?"

"Pardon?"

Now he understood.

'What it means to be strong.'

What is truly strong is.

'Those who are fighting now.'

Anger.

"There is only one thing I must protect."

The anger in my heart.

"I haven't lost anyone yet, but..."

Because I wasn't born a god.

"I am always angry."

Only that anger numbs fear and makes humans fight against higher beings.

"Kruuuu!"

Inside Rian's heart as he ground his molars, resentment like blood flowing backward grew endlessly.

'Yes, this was it.'

What he had searched for while crossing the desert was the source of emotion that could bring down Ymir.

'Now it doesn't matter what happens.'

He wasn't afraid of anything.

"Y-you..."

Rian's hair began to stand up strand by strand, then his shirt exploded and burst apart.

'That's not a human body.'

Rian's muscles, which had seemed perfect, twisted like pretzels and interlocked in bizarre forms.

"Haaaak..."

Rian, who had been reborn with the body of a yaksha, avatar of fury, ground the earth and twisted his upper body.

'The Law of Fist.'

A straight punch extended toward Nike.

Divine Transcendence.

Heart Fist Mach.

Schovel, impaled on 〈Idea〉, felt the tremor of the law and let out a death cry.

"Dodge!"

When Nike turned his head, what unfolded before his eyes was...

'What is this?'

The landscape of the world was crumpling toward one point and rushing in.

'Can I... dodge this?'

The Law of Fist approached faster than the most pessimistic prediction and exploded Nike's torso in a circular pattern.

"Kraaaaa!"

Hundreds of bats scattered in all directions from the circularly severed torso.

Bang! Bang bang! Bang! Bang!

The energy of Mach burst through the colosseum walls and created an invisible tunnel as it receded into the distance.