The Age of Struggle (4)

The moment people saw the man melting bread like broth and eating it, they realized.

'This is real.'

There were surprisingly many people who had saved alcohol for last in the royal castle's behavioral guidelines, and many knew that this man was one of them.

Seeing him happily eating bread without any hindrance was all they needed.

"I will repent!"

People each fell to their knees and shouted.

"True God, please grant me peace as well. Living is so difficult."

"Please grant my wish. I ask for nothing else. I just want to eat my fill!"

The priest watched their actions with satisfaction.

"You who have been mocked by false gods, now God sheds tears of joy. Go. Achieve what you desire. You are the true lambs who practice God's word through action."

"Waaahhh!"

The people, emboldened, scattered in all directions and began robbing passersby.

They stripped off clothes, stole food, and plundered all the wealth they possessed without leaving anything behind.

"It's real! It doesn't hurt!"

The hearts of those who had reclaimed the lives they had to give up due to the behavioral guidelines felt like they were flying.

"Yes, that's right! This is God! There's no reason for the omnipotent God to give us pain!"

Those who had starved to skin and bones devoured the stolen food ravenously.

Indeed, the emotional disease did not manifest.

'Paimon's emotional disease manifests when trying to protect something precious to oneself. But...'

The priest smiled a bloody smile.

"What's stolen from others isn't precious."

A fact humanity had overlooked.

No, it might have already been analyzed, but it would be a matter that could never be publicly announced.

The plaza became a scene of chaos.

Humans could become sufficiently strong just by having their logical circuits reversed.

"That is our god," the priest said.

"Satan."

"Giorgio-san."

The man from the tavern who had been watching the situation approached the priest.

"Gultan?"

When the tavern man removed his hood, a face with red skin and pointed ears was revealed.

"There's been a hitch in the plan."

"I see."

The reason Giorgio wasn't flustered was because he understood Yahweh better than anyone.

Gultan reported.

"The one who approached the woman named Maya is a different human. It seems we should move to another location..."

"Yahweh is here."

If he were truly a practitioner of universal love, he wouldn't be foolish enough to use someone as bait.

"Above all, there's a smell. There's only one being in the universe who gives off such a disgusting odor."

Gultan sniffed.

"...Anyway. What shall we do? Though we have the same rank, you're the general supervisor, Giorgio-san."

The organization's name was Catacomb.

A private organization created by hell's army, composed of seven corps commanders who received the special mission to assassinate Sirone. The reason they were selected from among countless corps commanders was due to their abilities specialized for anti-Yahweh warfare.

Particularly Giorgio could be said to be Sirone's polar opposite in that he dealt with hearts.

"To kill Yahweh, we must shake his heart first. Even if that's anger. Send Miyo to Maya. She'll be able to deliver the ultimate misery."

Miyo was the most lewd and powerful dream demon among succubi.

"I'll relay that message. Then what about Yahweh?"

Giorgio took in the scene of violence spreading even beyond the plaza.

"Since the atmosphere has ripened..."

Tucking away the inverted cross pendant, he sniffed the air and surveyed the direction.

"Shall I go say hello?"

Gultan raised one eyebrow and looked back.

"Will that be alright? Of course I know your skills, Giorgio-san, but the opponent is Yahweh."

"Evil wins."

Giorgio, holding hell's bible, left the plaza and continued speaking.

"It was just packaged in the name of good, but the victor has always been evil. It will be the same going forward."

He disappeared into the crowd where plundering ran rampant.

"God is Satan."

Cayden knocked on the door of the inn room where Maya was staying.

"Maya! Maya!"

No sign of life could be felt, but through Spirit Zone it was confirmed that she was there.

"It's me, Cayden! Please open the door!"

"......Go away."

Maya's voice was mixed with tears.

"I don't want to meet anyone. Not you, not Sirone. Just let me be alone. Please."

"You can sing again!"

No answer came, but he could intuitively sense that the quality of the air had changed.

"Sirone said he'd cure your emotional disease. So let's go. You don't have to stay in a place like this anymore."

"Why?"

Maya asked.

"Why would Sirone cure my disease?"

"That's..."

Though her magical talent wasn't outstanding, she too knew how to think rationally.

"If he could cure it, he would have cured everyone. Sirone is that kind of person. So why is he specifically looking for me?"

Cayden spoke honestly.

"Sirone wants your help. He hopes you'll fight for the world."

Only after a long while did an answer come.

"I can't help Sirone. No, I don't want to help him. So go back."

"Maya! Your emotional disease can be cured! You don't have to be in pain anymore!"

"That would hurt even more!"

At the suddenly explosive voice, Cayden shut his mouth.

"Even if I dance like this, even if people harass me, it doesn't matter. Because Sirone isn't watching, I can endure it. But if I meet Sirone..."

The sound of crying could be heard.

"Nothing I do works out, no matter how much I like Sirone, he doesn't like me..."

Cayden realized.

Perhaps the fate of the Red Cross Star might dwell in everyone, big or small.

"Maya."

His heart was pounding, and his teeth chattered in fear.

"Maya, I..."

The thought that he shouldn't do this filled his head, but his heart was pushing out his voice.

"I love you. From before... from the first time I saw you, my feelings have never changed even once."

This won't make it happen.

'Damn it! Damn it!'

His whole body ached as if he had a fever, and he felt like screams of anguish were echoing in his mind.

"Maya, I don't care what you think. You can hate me. I just want to be by your side..."

Then came the sound of a wall crashing down with a bang.

"Kyah!"

At Maya's scream, Cayden smashed through the door and stared wide-eyed toward the bed.

"What... are you?"

A woman with black bandages crossed in an X over her eyes was holding Maya from behind.

"Me? A beast mad with lust, Miyo."

'Succubus.'

Cayden intuited it, but it was quite different from the average feeling he'd learned about at magic school.

She was flaunting tremendous physical beauty that seemed to exist solely for function.

"Cayden... hah!"

Miyo grabbed Maya by the nape of her neck.

"Save your voice. In a moment you'll need to sing a hymn for me with that pretty voice."

"Let her go."

Cayden pointed his sword, but his arms shook so much he couldn't handle the weight.

'Damn.'

He couldn't give up on Maya.

"Will you be okay with your arms shaking so badly? Rather than fighting in that state, how about..." 

Miyo's blood-red tongue writhed like jelly on Maya's nape.

"Want to play together? It'll be amazing."

"You bastard!"

Even without strength, Cayden launched his body and swung his sword.

'Even magic won't activate.'

Miyo easily dodged the common young man's sword and flew out of the building with Maya.

"Ho ho ho! Follow me if you have the guts."

"Stop right there!"

He barely managed to cast Fly magic thanks to the mental techniques he'd trained since birth.

It was natural that following a corps commander level opponent would be overwhelming, but Miyo was controlling her speed.

"Your heart's beating fast?"

Miyo kissed Maya's cheek.

"Don't worry. Once you give your body to me, you won't even know if you exist."

Maya's eyes widened.

"Hah!"

As sensation traveled up her spine, her consciousness seemed to bounce outside her mind.

'Sirone...'

Her vision went dark.

"Cayden's late."

At a street cafe with a table placed outside the window, Sirone was waiting for Cayden.

Amy said.

"Right. Is their conversation taking long?"

Considering the complicated circumstances, it was inevitable, but Sirone had a bad feeling.

"This won't do. Let's go check."

Amy, who had paid for the tea, was following behind when Sirone raised his arm to block her approach.

"Wait."

At the ominous voice, when she looked forward, a man in priest's robes with desperate eyes was walking toward them.

"Demon."

Though he looked human on the outside, the unique disposition of demons couldn't be hidden.

'No, is he deliberately not hiding it?'

The atmosphere was so strange that he was certain of it, and Sirone's expression became serious.

"Who are you?"

"Giorgio."

Having answered thus, he stopped walking and opened a demon's bible.

"God's representative and leader of the Yahweh assassination organization. Currently my subordinate has Maya."

"Where is she now?"

"In the mountains. Miyo is excellent at manipulating sensations. By now she might have lost her personality."

As Miracle Stream rose from Sirone's body, Giorgio stepped to the side.

"Go."

"What?"

"If she's precious to you, you should save her. Moreover, that would be fitting with God's will. However..."

Giorgio's eyes seemed to contain an abyss.

"If you leave this place, I'll kill everyone in the town. The choice is yours."

Amy clenched her fists.

"Aren't you mistaken about something? This would end if we eliminate you and save Maya."

"It's impossible."

Having strongly closed the demon's bible, he turned again to block Sirone's path.

"Yahweh, you can never defeat me. You already know this too, don't you?"

"If you keep spouting nonsense..."

Amy was about to argue, but suddenly realized that Sirone was still maintaining his silence and turned her head.

"Sirone, what's wrong?"

"Ma (魔)."

Sirone's expression wasn't good.

"Ma is human emotion. When extreme emotions gather and form a specific shape."

"Suddenly stating the obvious..."

"It's me."

Amy blinked for a moment, then looked forward with a shocked expression.

"Don't tell me..."

"Right. That demon is a being formed from emotions I discarded. In other words, Yahweh's darkness."

Giorgio said.

"There's an error in saying you discarded me. It wasn't Yahweh who abandoned me, but I who left Yahweh."

Black smoke rose from his entire body, creating a strange contrast with the Miracle Stream.

"Repent, Yahweh. Stop mocking humans in the name of a false god any longer."

"Amy, I'm counting on you for Maya."

"But..."

"This time might be a bit rough."

Amy gulped and nodded, then flew up into the sky.

"Don't worry! I'll definitely save her!"

Though the roar of spatial movement was intense, Sirone had already blocked out unnecessary information.

"...Let's move locations."

"To avoid harming humans?"

"Right."

Giorgio nodded.

"That's exactly it, Yahweh."

Black smoke rose fiercely from his body as he kicked off the ground and launched forward.

"That's why I win."

The collision of light and darkness created a taijitu effect, and an achromatic domain covered the city.

Citizens screamed.

"Ahhhhh! What is this! Why is my body suddenly like this!"

Due to gravitational collapse, matter began floating, and the order of time started getting jumbled.

"Why is my body like this! What! Ahhhhh!"

At the bizarre sounds unlike any human intonation, Sirone felt an eerie chill.

"How terrible it will be! Save me!"

What was even more shocking was that even the Ultima System couldn't perfectly restore causality.

"I want to be saved by you who is truly at the depths of despair. Don't believe in anything either. Give those people to me."