[586] Mastermind (1)

"Damn it!"

Dorothy turned around with surprised eyes at the curse that burst from Iruki's mouth.

'So he does get angry.'

"As expected, Hersy knew. Cards that are defeated through forfeit aren't shuffled."

It was a rule that couldn't be figured out in just 7 days unless you had the ability to manipulate time like Shirone or calculation abilities on the level of a Servant.

"They're both attempting to count cards to create advantageous hands. At this rate, we'll all just die together."

"Who's winning? You can calculate it, right?"

There were 28 Scrambles remaining that hadn't been turned into cards yet.

In that case, it was possible to predict the outcome by calculating everyone's cards and the patterns they would choose.

Iruki clicked his tongue and spoke.

"41 percent. That's our chance of victory."

"Is the difference that severe?"

"The win rate doesn't matter anyway. Hersy has many possible choices available. If he makes even one mistake, we'll gain the advantage."

"Will he make a mistake?"

"...I don't know."

He was none other than Fermi's strategist.

"Now we have no choice but to choose. If we fight to the end with card combinations, our win rate is 40 percent. But if we consider other variables..."

Electricity sparked in Iruki's eyes.

"We can create a draw with 80 percent probability."

40 percent victory versus 80 percent draw.

For Iruki, who was responsible for the card battle, his thoughts naturally leaned toward the former.

'40 percent isn't a low win rate. I have to pull this off.'

If Amy fled from Cayden, if Shirone couldn't destroy Eden's barrier...

'I have to fight considering all negative scenarios. If I manipulate the white cards...'

"...ki. Iruki!"

"Huh?"

Iruki, snapping out of his thoughts, turned to look at Dorothy.

"Don't think too hard about it. I believe in your brain."

"But if we fall behind in combinations..."

"You know what's more important. We're a team, right?"

It wasn't just his probability alone.

"Yeah, that's right."

It was everyone's probability.

"Let's begin. We're going to give them a good hit."

Dorothy nodded her head spiritedly.

"Hah! Hah!"

The mountain was burning.

Although the duration of Ignition had ended, flames blazed wherever Ifrit had swept through, illuminating the midnight darkness.

'Continuous casting is definitely too much.'

As Amy launched her body through the excruciating pain that felt like her entire body was cooking, a shockwave erupted.

Cayden immediately emerged, covered in dust and dirt.

"Amyyy!"

His condition could no longer be considered normal either.

'Sniper Mode!'

Even as the Spirit Zone of the cross rotated 300 times per minute, Fire Strike aimed precisely at Cayden.

'Air Tunnel. Definitely troublesome.'

The speed of flames flying using oxygen as fuel couldn't be followed without the dynamic vision of a Schema.

'Fast. Should I create distance?'

Cayden shook his head.

Giving distance to a sniper would be the most foolish decision.

'I need to get closer.'

That was the standard approach, but Amy also activated Ignition again to face Cayden.

As Ifrit, reborn for the seventh time already, breathed forward, a wave of flames turned everything to ash.

Sword Technique

Shadow Barrier.

From within that pitch-black ash, Cayden, having activated dark magic, burst through the curtain.

'Yeah! You're so great!'

Amy charged while grinding her teeth.

The writhing spectacle of fire and darkness mixing together was a grotesque color that could only be seen in hell.

'Yeah, great! You're good at so many things!'

As the battle continued, Amy realized why her insides were boiling.

'If you like Maya, then go after Maya!'

Cayden doesn't do anything.

'Does someone think dating is easy? Why am I giving up my graduation evaluation to be in a place like this...'

Amy's flames blazed even higher.

"You should know you're fighting me!"

"Uooooh!"

Sword Technique

Mega Tornado.

As strong winds rotated around Cayden, Amy's flames wrapped around following the air movement.

'Frozen Buster!'

The endlessly swirling flame tornado froze and exploded.

'Even though you can do anything... talking about art and whatnot!'

Cayden truly, truly doesn't do anything.

"After I worked so hard to get here!"

Amy also knew the weight of the destiny to become the best.

'Do you think you can live just doing what you want?'

That's why she had wandered at one point.

If she hadn't met Shirone, her talent also wouldn't have been able to bloom.

'At magic school...!'

All the countless competitors she had met.

Hidden within the gazes that dismissed her as merely benefiting from her Crimson Eyes was a desperation to obtain even a fragment of talent.

'You're from the Cross family! You were born with the greatest talent!'

Knowing their frustration is why she wants to become a mage.

Because she cannot forgive herself for achieving nothing despite having talent far superior to others.

"Just whining!"

"Die!"

Sword Technique

Thunder Cross.

As Cayden struck the ground, cross-shaped lightning exploded in all directions.

"What exactly have you accomplished?!"

From within the explosion, Amy's Crimson Eyes began blinking at an unprecedented speed.

Samadhi Evolution.

A state of extreme concentration possible for humans that couldn't be achieved with just the ability to backup self-image memories.

As Ifrit, explosively growing in size, grabbed the Cross Sword, the blade glowed red-hot.

'I have to endure! Just a little more!'

Piercing consciousness back into the samadhi state involved unimaginable irritation.

Even insect sounds rang as loud as thunder, and even a single strand of hair swaying in the wind felt like it would drive her insane in this state of concentration.

"Even so!"

Cayden grasped the heated Cross Sword regardless of the burning pain in his hands.

"You're nothing but a sacrifice to my destiny!"

The blade emitted a pale white radiance.

Sword Technique

Flash.

At literally the speed of a flash of light, the blade sliced toward Amy's neck.

"Heuuuu!"

Even before the blinding horizontal line of light, Amy's Crimson Eyes didn't disappear.

'Did she dodge?'

That was impossible with Amy's Schema level.

'No, did I fail to cut her?'

Cayden, frozen in his sword-swinging stance, looked at the Cross Sword.

Only the handle remained, with molten metal dripping down.

'The alloy...'

Heat intense enough to liquefy it in an instant.

Amy, who had momentarily increased her firepower, charged while smoke rose from her body.

She could no longer cast Ignition, but Cayden, who had swung his sword in a photonized state, was also having difficulty moving due to the aftershock hitting his body.

"Grrrr!"

Just as he was trying to move his limbs with all his might, Amy slipped deep into Cayden's embrace.

"Whether it's Maya or you...!"

A fist filled with all her strength struck Cayden's ribs that Shirone had broken a few days ago.

"I won't give up Shirone!"

Crack!

Hearing the sound of ribs breaking, Cayden coughed up blood.

"Gack!"

At the same time, Amy also grimaced at the pain in her wrist.

"Ow!"

The ligament was definitely torn.

"Shirone is..."

Cayden, his face contorted, glared at Amy while his body trembled.

But his endurance was brief, as his iron-wall-like sturdy body helplessly fell backward.

"Ugh! Disgusting!"

Sabina sliced through the swarm of insects rushing from all directions with Air Cut.

Though they were just magic, that made them even more hideous, and their functions varied - poison, paralysis, mental abnormalities, and so on.

'Oh, whatever!'

As Sabina cast Cutting Flower, blade-like winds tore apart the colony of six-legged creatures.

With an attack that combined both speed and accuracy, hundreds of bugs finally fell to the ground, spitting mucus.

"Phew! Is it over now?"

Fisho had disappeared at some point.

Having exhausted all his Scrambles, his role was limited to harassment, but he wasn't foolish enough to face a combat mage head-on.

'Just as Iruki said.'

Even after Fisho disappeared, Sabina waited for a long time before checking the time and looking at the sky.

Rocket Punch (→→↘↘←←).

Dorothy's magic Hickory's Rocket Punch delivered Scrambles to her.

"It's over."

Hersy and Iruki glared at each other.

After an intense combination battle, they had reached the result of Iruki having ○●○○●○ (Amplification), while Hersy had ●●●●●R.

If the random card was black, Hersy could defeat Iruki completely, but if it was white, it would be a perfect hand.

'It's definitely worth gambling on.'

According to calculations through counting, the ratio of black and white remaining in the random cards was four white cards and six black cards.

"60 percent probability of my victory."

The fact that he had followed the win rate Iruki predicted exactly showed that Hersy's brain could be called outstanding.

"No, 80 percent probability of a draw."

Then Dorothy called "Kan" on Iruki.

As Iruki's cards were defeated by her ●○●●○● (Annihilation), the black-white ratio became 8 to 8.

In that case, the probability was 50 percent.

"You discarded cards? That's an absurd gamble."

"Is it really?"

As Iruki pointed to Hickory's empty arm, Hersy, realizing something, looked at the Master Card.

Sabina's hand, which had been ○○○○ (Pope), was now defeated and showed ●●●● (Mine).

This made it sixteen white cards and four black cards.

In other words, a situation where white cards would appear with 80 percent probability.

"...Are you trying to take me down with you no matter what?"

It was a strategy that couldn't be attempted without confidence that Shirone would retire Eden.

"Well. This is a team game after all."

Since there was still a 20 percent chance a black card could appear, Hersy picked up the random card.

"Open."

As ●●●●●○ (Perfect Hand) was confirmed, Hersy clicked his tongue and threw the white card to the ground.

'So that's why 4 Scrambles were empty.'

It was surplus created because he hadn't used Scrambles on Shirone from the beginning.

'He sent exactly 4 to Sabina.'

Hersy had one remaining question.

"How did you time dozens of moments during all this? Did you just leave it to luck?"

Calculating hands was one thing, but predicting real-time changes was impossible with human thinking.

"Because I'm a Servant."

The answer Iruki gave was simple.

"Servants don't forget time. And... I'm 5 minutes slower than Dorothy's watch."

Dorothy shrugged and smiled.

With an uncrossable bridge between them, Shirone and Eden engaged in an aerial chase.

Though the offense was one-sided, it was a strange battle where neither side achieved results.

'As expected, it can't be destroyed with ordinary magic.'

All kinds of magical applications were being hurled at Eden through the ability of Shirone's Thousand Hands Buddha, but not a single hair on her could be damaged.

'I need to be prepared to kill.'

Shining Chain moved 1 second ahead to restrain Eden, but her expression overflowed with composure.

"You can't harm me with that anyway."

'Ataraxia!'

The moment Ataraxia deployed, Eden's sneer began to harden into an expression of shock.

'What is that?'

The Ataraxia being integrated while distorting the surrounding scenery was completely different from yesterday.

"A sphere?"

4-dimensional Ataraxia adding time to 3-dimensional space.

It was a wondrous phenomenon that only Shirone, who could simultaneously perceive past, present, and future, could demonstrate.

'More! Faster!'

Integrating information into the sphere was on a different dimension from 2-dimensional magic circles, but that's why he had drawn up 100 quintillion Thousand Hands Buddha.

As countless lights of information struck the spherical Ataraxia like the world contracting to a point, Eden also realized the gravity of the situation.

"Heuuup!"

The moment she expanded her barrier to break the Shining Chain and moved away from Shirone, the 4-dimensional Ataraxia was completed.

'Elysion!'

As the realm of direct pointing opened, the central point of the Spirit Zone disappeared.

'I don't know what kind of magic this is, but I don't need to deal with it. I can just avoid it anyway.'

The moment Eden's thought ended, the omniscience and omnipotence of Photon Cannon combined in Shirone's mind.

"This is..."

Eden trembled at the sight unfolding before her eyes.

Centered on her, massive flashes of light were rushing in from every direction humans could perceive.

"Heuuk!"

And finally, condensing like the sun, they made Eden unable to move an inch.

The sensation of tremendous mass being transmitted through Absolute Barrier and concentrated to a single point was truly terrifying.

"Heuuuu...!"

Was this sacredness?

Or was it the most violent hostility in the universe?

'Please endure! Eden!'

What he had reached by combining Ataraxia, Thousand Hands Buddha, and Elysion was ultra-high-density condensation of stars coming from all time and all space.

It was Shirone's annihilation magic, Quasar.